{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs26 \cf0 A one-page (4-5 paragraph) summary of the world, major characters and central tension.
\f1\i0\b0 \
In the 18th century, humanity discovered advanced alien technology in the Toltec Indian mounds. Over the next 150 years, society embraces the technology and develops interstellar travel via the slipstream, all while retaining paranoid nationalism. When they encounter other human settlements on alien worlds, they chose to study them out of concern that \'93alien\'94 use of slipstream technology puts them at risk.\
Albert Strand is a descendent of the original discoverer of the Indian mounds and lives under that shadow. Putting career before family, he lobbied hard to be assigned to the Orbital.\
a 1-2 page that gives an overview of the characters, major series arcs.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Paragraph introduces the main character and the central series plot.\
2.	Paragraph explains the major characters & relationships to main character and one-another.\
3.	Paragraph summarizes major series sub-plots, one sentence per subplot. Highlight on the first major subplot to address.\
4.	Paragraph of season two summary in four sentences: the core season conflict, new characters/conflicts. Service the subplots.\
5.	Ditto each new season. Close each subplot introduced in the sub-plot paragraph. Introduce a new one as necessary.}