{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs26\cf0
\par\b Saturday November 20, N.S 1763.\b0  Ephraim wiped his brow. The long day\rquote s work had taken its toll. Not as much as it had the first few weeks, but enough to assure him he would sleep well tonight. He grinded from apprentice into journeyman at his father\rquote s smithy from the age of seven to seventeen. He knew his way around the shop. Had he kept at it, he would have become a master by 21.
\par It was grueling work, and his father wanted him to follow Jeffry\rquote s lead and become an attorney. This despite Jeffry\rquote s insistence that he study in Philadelphia, hoping to enter into Dr. Franklin\rquote s society.
\par The last think Ephraim wanted was apprenticed to an attorney. He refused. For years his father continued the pressure for Ephraim to not become a smith. All the while, he toiled at the forge. Years of persistence paid off. Ephraim agreed to enter the ministry. It took a few years to prepare, but by seventeen he was admitted to Yale College. Over the past three years, he filled his mind with divinity, and his muscles weakened.
\par O\rquote brien daily reminded Ephraim why he should have stayed at Yale. Not that he could under the circumstances. He would not be welcome in Connecticut ever again. He put that out of his mind and finished cleaning the shop. The sun was nearly set and he had not finished. It had been this way for weeks. He only got rest on Sundays, and spent most of his time then asleep. O\rquote brien was getting the most out of the bargain that he could. Ephraim\rquote s income was limited to sleeping in the loft and foot from O\rquote brien\rquote s table.
\par Taking a short break Ephraim looked out to the road that led back to Shippensburg. He saw a man walking, followed by a beautiful black horse on its tether. The horse limped on its front left leg. Ephraim sighed. It would be nightfall before he finished.
\par
\par He walked toward the man, shortening the distance. \ldblquote Your horse. Bit of a limp?\rdblquote  His voice strained to speak though a dry mouth.
\par \ldblquote I rode him across a stream a couple miles back. He slipped, and he\rquote s been limping since.\rdblquote  The man was curt, his accent clearly English.
\par Ephraim took the lead and led the horse toward the shop\rquote s lamp. Inspecting, he saw a piece of stone caught in the hoof. He patted the horse gently as he set the leg back. He picked a pair of pliers off the workbench. He returned to the horse and lifted the leg. The horse started to shuffle. \ldblquote He\rquote s worried. Calm him?\rdblquote 
\par The stranger moved up to the horse\rquote s head and stroked him. The horse settled. Ephraim grabbed the stone with the pliers and gently pulled. The stone was wedged in worse than it looked. He shifted and braced the leg more firmly and tried with more muscle. After a couple minutes, the stone came out.
\par Ephraim looked at the stone. It was flat and narrow, the sort of shale that everything seemed to be made out of. He held it up to the rider. \ldblquote Pretty big piece. He\rquote s a tough one to walk as far as he did.\rdblquote  He dropped the stone and inspected the hoof. There was only slight damage.
\par \ldblquote Whoever shoed your horse did a fine job. If you can manage to stay off of him for a few days, he should be fine. If you have to ride him, take it easy. Maybe wade across with him if you have to cross another stream?\rdblquote 
\par The rider pursed his lips. \ldblquote Sure. How much?\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim shook his head. \ldblquote No charge.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Is there somewhere I can rest?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote There\rquote s an old tavern a bit that way. Most people seem to pass here from Shippensburg and go to Getty\rquote s ford and stay there.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote How far is that?\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim shrugged. He turned to O\rquote brien. \ldblquote How far to Getty\rquote s?\rdblquote 
\par
\par \ldblquote Getty\rquote s? Why? That\rquote s over the mountain.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Isn\rquote t that where people go from Shippensburg?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote No. Elizabethtown, down in Maryland. That\rquote s about another day\rquote s ride straight down the road.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Aren\rquote t we in Maryland now?\rdblquote  the rider said.
\par \ldblquote Depends on who\rquote s asking. The Penns say Pennsylvania. The Calverts say Maryland. Colonel Chambers would prefer we were in Pennsylvania since he holds a land grant from them. That\rquote s his.\rdblquote  O\rquote brien pointed at the fort.
\par The rider studied O\rquote brien and Ephraim. \ldblquote It sounds like your Irish, old man. And you\rquote re American.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Yes. From Philadelphia. Any reason?\rdblquote 
\par The rider shook his head. His voice derisive. \ldblquote I could not imagine anyone working for the Irish. This continent perpetually amazes me.\rdblquote 
\par O\rquote brien closed on the rider. \ldblquote You\rquote d better be off to the tavern now.\rdblquote 
\par Judging from the look of the rider, Ephraim knew if it came to blows between the Irish and English, O\rquote brien would triumph. The scene faintly reminded him of New Haven.
\par The rider hesitated. \ldblquote Forgive my manners. No offense intended. It has been a long day.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim nodded.
\par The rider touched his hat the way Ephraim had seen redcoats. The rider took the horse\rquote s lead and made for the tavern.
\par \ldblquote Damned English. No matter where they go, they think they\rquote re the master.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote They are of us, for now.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Aye. I\rquote ve heard that before. Here is farther from England than Cork, but not far enough.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim chuckled, agreeing with the sentiment. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to see what happens when this war ends.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote If the last two are any indication, we\rquote ll be in another one by 1780. They seem to happen with every new king. You\rquote re young enough to see that one. I won\rquote t. It would be great to be rid of the English, but I have no fondness for the French, Spanish or Indian.\rdblquote  O\rquote brien sighed. His age showed more than Ephraim had noticed before. \ldblquote At least there are a bunch of Germans around us. They seem content to be left alone. And the quakers are only trouble for them, not for me.\rdblquote  He clapped Ephraim on the shoulder. \ldblquote Jeffry lad, you\rquote ve done a fine job. You know your way around a shop nearly as well as I.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote But you know there\rquote s not a lot of work for the both of us.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Telling me to move on?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Not yet. Weather\rquote s getting dank. I\rquote ll let you stay on through the season.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote You can stay in the loft, and I\rquote ll pay you what I can. That should give you enough to press on into Virginia come.\rdblquote }