{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0
<$Scr_Cs::0>\f1\b\fs26 Wednesday, November 10, 1762\f0\b0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::0>\f1\fs26  Even with the leaves falling off the trees, Mortimer Reece thought America was beautiful. At least the middle colonies part of America. New England had its beauties, more in the inhabitants than the scenery. The Carolinas were too hot and sandy. The Quakers picked the best part of America. The further away from Philadelphia they rode, the more he enjoyed the scenery.
\par The road widened as they entered the town. The afternoon sun just dipped below the tops of the trees. Sharpsburg, he thought they named it. As they rode through, it looked quaint enough. Grey stone buildings in the Georgian style. They were not going anywhere. He chuckled when he saw the wooden fort. He pointed it out to Dorian Mabbott. \ldblquote Sharpsburg has permanent buildings but temporary fortifications. They should be glad hostilities are at an end.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Shippensburg, sir.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote What?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote We are in Shippensburg, sir. Named for Chief Justice Shippen.\rdblquote  Dorian\rquote s tone was respectful.
\par \ldblquote Quite right. Shippens-burg.\rdblquote  He muttered its name a few times under his breath. \ldblquote Still, he has a beautiful wife.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Who, sir?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote His Honorable Judge Shippen.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Do you see the church?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Not yet, sir. I doubt he\rquote s in one. They\rquote re Presbyterians out in the country. He was trained in the Puritan tradition.\rdblquote 
\par Mortimer chuckled at that. \f0\fs24 <$Scr_Cs::1>\f1\i\fs26 Puritans are a tradition? Hardly.\f0\i0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>\f1\fs26  \ldblquote Damned separatists. The Church of England is the only civil church. God save the King.\rdblquote 
\par His men repeated in unison, \ldblquote God save the king.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Still, I\rquote ll buy you a pint if he\rquote s not found in a church.\rdblquote 
\par They rode until they came to the tavern. \ldblquote Widow Piper\rquote s Tavern. Handsome structure, that. Such clean lines. I wonder who built it?\rdblquote  He shifted in his saddle. It had been a long ride. \ldblquote Come on, let\rquote s give it some business.\rdblquote 
\par He and his men dismounted and tied their horses. Mortimer paused a few more minutes to study the shape of the building. For an American tavern, it was not terribly large. Its size was more like the alehouses in London.
\par The ten of them entered the tavern. Describe interior.
\par\f0\fs24 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=\f1\fs26 TODO// Visit the Widow Piper\rquote s Inn\f0\fs24 \\end_Scrv_annot\}\f1\fs26
\par The common area was just large enough for his entourage. A woman, probably Widow Piper, worked the fire by the hearth.
\par \ldblquote Good evening, madam.\rdblquote 
\par She looked up. \ldblquote How can I be of service?\rdblquote  The Scottish burr was distinct, unsoftened by her time in America.
\par \ldblquote If you have lodging,\rdblquote  pointing his hat at his men, \ldblquote we will stay the night.\rdblquote 
\par She smiled. \ldblquote Aye. No boarders today.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Splendid. We\rquote ve just arrived from.\rdblquote  He paused and turned to Dorian.
\par \ldblquote Harrisburg, sir.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Yes. Quite. Harrisburg. Hard journey. We are famished.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Well, you\rquote re in luck. We have meat pie, hasty pudding with bacon, oatmeal porridge, a dish of eggs and beer. Should be ready in an hour.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote No ale, perhaps?\rdblquote  Mortimer said.
\par \ldblquote Aye, ale beer.\rdblquote 
\par After a pint, Mortimer\rquote s men took the horses to the nearby stable while Mortimer and Dorian remained. They were on their second pint. The prices were lower than Mortimer would have expected. It was a decent ale, even if too malty for his palette.
\par \ldblquote Mrs. Piper. Have you recently had a visitor?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote This is a tavern, sir. With all the travel between Philadelphia and the wilderness, we usually have several visitors. Usually redcoats or trappers. It slows down about this season.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Anyone by the name of Ephraim Biggs?\rdblquote  Dorian jumped in.
\par Mortimer felt a little exasperated. Dorian was younger, always in haste.
\par \ldblquote No Ephraim Biggs. There is a Jeffry Biggs here in town.\rdblquote 
\par Mortimer sat up a little. \ldblquote Oh?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Aye. He lives just on the other side of the fort.\rdblquote 
\par Dorian continued, \ldblquote has he been here long?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote He brought his family here a couple years ago. Once the Indian troubles quieted down a bit.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Pastor?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Oh, no. Worse. He\rquote s a lawyer.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote There does not seem to be much call for the law out here.\rdblquote  Mortimer injected.
\par \ldblquote You\rquote d be surprised. He works for Judge Shippen, who owns all the surrounding land. Once the war is over, they\rquote ll be selling plots of land. Mr. Biggs will be handling the surveys and sales. He usually comes in every morning for a beer and Indian pudding with the missus being with child.\rdblquote 
\par * * *
\par The next morning, Mortimer and Dorian sat over breakfast and waited. Mrs. Piper described Jeffry to them, so they were prepared. They did not wait long. A somewhat tall man with reddish-brown hair came into the tavern.
\par \ldblquote Jeffry!\rdblquote 
\par The man reflexively looked their way.
\par \ldblquote Join us.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry. Who are you?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I\rquote m Captain Reece, and this is Ensign Mabbott. You are Jeffry Biggs, land broker?\rdblquote 
\par That seemed to put Jeffry at ease. He hesitated for a moment before joining them at the table. Mortimer observed his mannerisms as an odd mix of gentleman and commoner. Jeffry was pretending at being one, probably a gentleman.
\par There was serving bowl of Indian pudding. Mortimer pushed it toward Jeffry. He offered a spare bowl and wooden spoon to Jeffry, who took it from him. Jeffry filled his bowl. Dorian set a mug of ale at Jeffry\rquote s place. The three ate together, trading small talk for most of the meal.
\par \ldblquote Thank you, gentlemen, for that wonderful breakfast. Piper has excellent pudding. I am afraid we are not offering plots for sale quite yet. Once a peace treaty is signed, perhaps.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I imaging in time Shippensburg will be a thriving city. Handsome countryside. We are not here for that. Have you heard from your brother Ephraim?\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry paused for a moment. His facial expression changed almost imperceptibly. It was enough for Mortimer to judge that Ephraim was here recently. \ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t. He should be in New Haven.\rdblquote  Mortimer thought Jeffry did not sound like he expected Ephraim to actually be in New Haven.
\par \ldblquote Should be, but he is not. He left New Haven some months ago, and I\rquote m tasked with finding him.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Is he in some sort of trouble?\rdblquote 
\par Mortimer paused. As a younger brother, he would want nothing better but for his older brother to disappear. Then he would have title and would not be traipsing over the backside of America, to Mortimer\rquote s brother\rquote s delight. Would Jeffry protect his brother or not? Mortimer decided confronting him with a hard statement would yield a worthwhile reaction. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid he is. Ephraim Biggs murdered an English officer last June in New Haven. I\rquote ve been dispatched to find him for execution.\rdblquote 
\par Dorian reacted when Mortimer cut him off with a glare. It denied him the chance to see Jeffry\rquote s reaction.
\par \ldblquote But\emdash No. I don\rquote t believe it. Jeffy isn\rquote t the murderous sort.\rdblquote 
\par Mortimer let a silent pause work for him. Colonial Colonel Whiting hated playing All Fours against Mortimer because of his ability to read the other players. He tried those tactics here. When Jeffry looked down, he gave a glance and wink to Dorian. \ldblquote Tried and convicted, I\rquote m afraid. He escaped the jail soon after. Ensign Mabbott and I have been in pursuit ever since. He gave us a slip in Philadelphia, but we hear a rumor that he headed this way. Pray, when did you last see your brother?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Not since he went to Yale.\rdblquote 
\par It was a lie that Mortimer read easily. He opted to change tact. \ldblquote Well, he must not have come this way, then. We were convinced he would seek refuge with family. Ensign, you may have been right. He went to Baltimore.\rdblquote  He noticed Jeffry relax his shoulders, though the look of shock on his face remained. \ldblquote What amazed me that a Puritan ministerial student would be capable of murder with his bare hands. How is it you became an attorney, and he went a different path?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote We weren\rquote t born into wealth, if that\rquote s what you mean. Our forefathers were smiths. Our grandfather came over after Queen Anne\rquote s War. Our father did well enough to send us to college so we could advance the family\rquote s position.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote So you worked in the smithy as lads? That would explain Ephraim\rquote s ability to crush a man\rquote s throat.\rdblquote  Mentally, Mortimer moved the Biggs down several social pegs. Commoners pretending to be elitists. That was the mode in America, with men thinking they can climb some social ladder and forget their places. It was different for aristocrats. They already had their place. All that remained was jockeying for position.
\par The meal ended abruptly there. The interrogation stole whatever appetite Jeffry still had. He thanked them and left.
\par \ldblquote What was that about?\rdblquote  Dorian said.
\par \ldblquote About the conviction? I had to know whether Jeffry knew about the murder. I dressed it up a bit.\rdblquote  He set back in his chair. He steepled his hands together and tapped his upper lip. \ldblquote His brother went through here, but failed to tell his brother why. I doubt they are very close. Jeffry is quite a few years older. Did you notice anything else?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote They are smiths.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Quite. Ephraim will not conceal himself as a pastor. Too obvious, and not as much call for that out here. Scottish Presbyterians and Puritan Separatists.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote You suppose he reverted to smithing?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote It makes sense. Either that or he\rquote s fled the country and gone south.\rdblquote  Ensign Mabbott had not been in America for long. Mortimer sized him up a bit. \ldblquote What course of action do you propose?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Well, we are close to Indian country. There are not too many places that could take a smith. He could have fled south, but his resources would only take him too far. I\rquote ll wager a pint he is in a nearby town working as a smith.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote How do you propose we find out?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Divide our forces. Winter is fast approaching. But, if we send the men out a few days in any direction, we should figure out if he is in the area or has passed through.\rdblquote 
\par\f0\fs24 <$Scr_Cs::1>\f1\i\fs26 My thoughts exactly.\f0\i0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>\f1\fs26  \ldblquote Sobeit. Split the team and send them out. Have them all report back in a fortnight. Widow Piper\rquote s is a fine place for us to headquarter until they return. See to it.\rdblquote 
\par
\par * * *
\par
\par The next morning, Dorian assembled his men and instructed them to visit the next two towns down each road, then report back. That would fit within Reece\rquote s orders and give some sign which way Ephraim went. He told them to ask for a preacher or smith, working on the theory Ephraim was using his trade. They broke up and headed to the stable to ride on.
\par A few minutes later, Sergeant Tailor returned with a sheepish look on his face. \ldblquote Sir, Doris has a limp.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Sergeant, I don\rquote t know what you do with your mounts. They always come up limp.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I dunno, sir. It\rquote s not like I had them growing up.\rdblquote  Sergeant Tailor\rquote s accent came from the worst parts of London.
\par Ensign Mabbott knew where they found him, a jail not much farther from there. \ldblquote Fine. Take my Black Betty. She\rquote s rock steady. But go easy on her. She\rquote s still a bit wild.\rdblquote }