{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Capital Punishment in 18th Century Pennsylvania\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\i\fs22 Who Should Die?: The Evolution of Capital Punishment in Pennsylvania, 1681-1794
\f3\i0  Timothy Hayburn, Lehigh University\
Hayburn, Timothy, \'93Who Should Die?: The Evolution of Capital Punishment in Pennsylvania, 1681-1794\'94 (2011). Theses and Dissertations. 1390. https://preserve.lehigh.edu/etd/1390\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Quakers forced themselves to accept the death penalty and advised their members on the path to avoid such a fate, prominent Quakers remained reluctant to execute except in unique cases. Both Anglicans and Quakers served on the colony\'91s Supreme Court, but all four chief justices in this period (David Lloyd, Jeremiah Langhorne, James Logan, and John Kinsey) were Quakers. Despite their periodic issues with Yearly Meeting, these men struggled to mediate traditional Quaker opposition to the death penalty with the calls by many Anglicans for harsh punishments.\
Rather than serve only as a form of social control, their public deaths allowed colonial leaders, including their Quaker supporters, to preserve this fragile peace on the frontier.\
The execution of the Winters also revealed the Quaker-dominated Assembly\'91s belief that only the colonial government possessed the authority to decide who died on the gallows despite their reluctance to use capital punishment. Not the Indians nor British.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs24 \cf0 \'95	Pennsylvania executed 16 persons for murder in 1760s.\
\'95	Hanging was the method of punishment\
\'95	Public execution was for the worst offenders\
\'95	By the mid-eighteenth century the condemned were largely recent immigrants or native-born members of the criminal underworld.\
\'95	Gottlieb Mittelberger\
\'95	William Moraley, John Bruleman, Robert Scull\
\'95	John Bruleman, a broken officer forced out of the British army for counterfeiting and became a jeweler, executed around 9 October 1760.\
\'95	John Morrison, Joseph Cooper, criminals\
\'95	Pennsylvania\'91s murder rate in the latter half of the eighteenth century doubled that of London.\
\'95	Sailors were 1/5th of the population, but frequently were in criminal gangs around the outskirts of Philadelphia\
\'95	Indeed, in 1761, two deserters were suspected of murdering a woman in Shippensburg. (22 October 1761)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Local elites in Philadelphia began to develop the intellectual and cultural life of the colony with the establishment of the American Philosophical Society, Library Company, College of Philadelphia, and Pennsylvania Hospital. By all accounts, the colony had successfully surpassed many older cities such as Boston to assume a preeminent place in colonial British North America.}