{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;\red191\green191\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;\csgray\c79525;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Society\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs22 This section focuses on Society. It is subdivided by season as the nature of society changing after the Point of Divergence is a feature of the series.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Discovery Season\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs22 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 Organizations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b0 \cf2 Government of British America\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 In 1754, Benjamin Franklin proposed what became known as the Albany Plan
\f0\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  Wikipedia. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albany_Plan"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\i \cf2 Albany Plan}}. Accessed April 4, 2020. See also, Yale. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/albany.asp"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\i \cf2 Albany Plan of Union}}. Accessed April 4, 2020.
\f0 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22 . This plan proposed a Grand Council which essentially gave British North America home rule. While the plan was rejected, it was the basis of the negotiated reconciliation between British North America and Britain. These privileges were not extended to the British West Indies, leading to some friction with the Indies that was mitigated by the Indies planters establishing residences in Carolina.[^OTL-Albany Plan]\
[^OTL-Albany Plan]: OTL: Benjamin Franklin proposed the plan at the Albany Congress at the age of 46. The plan was rejected both by the colonies and Parliament. Elements of this Plan recurred during the Continental Congress.\
The 
\f5\b Council of British North America
\f2\b0  represented the split interests of the former colonies, Crown and Parliament. It was bicameral, with the House of Representatives comprising provincial delegates appointed by the provincial assemblies. As with the Albany Plan, each province was given between two and seven seats based upon the 
\f4\i proportional amount of revenue
\f2\i0  they provided to the Commonwealth. House of Ministers represented a smaller body of ministers appointed by Parliament to consult on legislation from the House of Representatives, with one minister appointed per province. The Council (also known as the Grand Council) managed local affairs between the provinces and local Indian tribes. Parliament retained right of refusal provided they acted within three years of the legislation.\
Internal provincial legislation is managed via 
\f5\b Provincial Assemblies
\f2\b0 . Each Assembly was bicameral, with the House of Lords appointing the Council of State and province landowners electing members of the Council of Commons. The Crown appoints a Lieutenant Governor as executive to each Province, as well as the Governor of British America. Each provincial government appoints 9 seats to the British Parliament, for a total of 54 seats in the Commons. Compare this with the 45 seats given to Scotland in 1707.\
The result of this governmental structure is that the legislatures are dominated by local oligarchies. These oligarchs jealously defend their power, thus quieting the American Troubles, and largely followed the Lords\'92 suggestions.\
The British America Act of 1771 restructured British America (the continent) into six provinces: Canada, New England, Pennsylvania (includes IRL New York), Virginia, Carolina, and Georgia. This led to six Provincial Assemblies. This led to a significant amount of internal tension within all but Georgia.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs24 \cf2 Mississippi Land Company\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 The Mississippi Land Company formed in 1763 following the British victory in the French and Indian War (1754\'961763) in North America. The company sought to acquire land grants in the vast former New France region between the Appalachian Mountains and the Mississippi River ceded by France to Britain after the war.\
The Mississippi Land Company was formed by colonial Virginians including George Washington, John Augustine Washington, Richard Henry Lee, Arthur Lee, and William Fitzhugh. The company hoped to establish a new colony in the Mississippi Valley by petitioning the Crown for 2.5 million acres (10,000 km\'b2) in what became Charlotina and parts of northern Mississippi.
\f0\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  OTL: Their timing was poor, because the British government soon issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763, which put a temporary halt to the western expansion of the British colonies. Although the boundary line established by the proclamation was extended westward in the following years, the Mississippi Company was never granted lands, and ceased to operate by about 1770.
\f0 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs24 \cf2 Odyssey Limited\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 This is the limited charter company established by the British Crown for Slipstream exploration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs24 \cf2 Sons of Liberty\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs20 \cf0 The Sons of Liberty was a secret organization that was created in the Thirteen American Colonies to advance the rights of the European colonists and to fight taxation by the British government. It played a major role in most colonies in battling the Stamp Act in 1765.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 During the Point of Divergence, calmer heads prevailed, leading to successful redress of the Sons of Liberty grievances. A splinter group remained, led by Sam Adams & John Brown. As part of the settlement, the violent Sons were identified by the Sons\'92 leadership.\
During the Discovery season, the Sons are actively hunted by a British organization led by Ephraim Lapham and John Tremain.\
Those rebels who were arrested were put on trial, and most were found guilty of insurrection against the Crown\'97100 in total were convicted. They were punished either by death (if a leader) or transportation to Australia, which had replaced British America as a penal colony after the Reform in America Act of 1771. Public hanging took place in the Parliament House Square (seat of Parliament of North America, formerly the Pennsylvania State House, Independence Hall IRL).\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Rab Silsbey\
\'95	Samuel Gray, James Caldwell, Samuel Maverick, and Patrick Carr\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs24 \cf2 Society for Alien/American/Advanced Research (SAR)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f5\i0\b\fs22 \cf0 Overview.
\f2\b0  Originally called the Society for Toltec Technology Trove Research Efforts (ST3R), the Society for Alien Research (SAR) is a limited crown company charged with deciphering Toltec technology into viable capabilities that keeps Britain globally dominant.\

\f5\b Naming Confusion.
\f2\b0  The original name owes to a misunderstanding of archeology, which was subsequently renamed in various times as either the Society for Alien (or) American (or) Advanced Research.\

\f5\b The Babylonian Captivity.
\f2\b0  ST3R operated on the grounds of Franklin\'92s Public Academy of Philadelphia. Its move from Philadelphia to Yale under Kneass\'92 directorship, a period known as the Babylonian Captivity by College of Philadelphia members. It returned to Philadelphia after Kneass\'92 death in 1840 and remained since.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 Timeline\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b0 \cf0 RSTTR / SAR Timeline\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 1767\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ephraim George Biggs discovered Toltec temple\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1770\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KG3
\f0\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  King George III.
\f0 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22  chartered the Royal Society for Toltec Technology Research (RSTTR).\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1814\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cracking the Forefathers computer\'97a patent library with centuries\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 of precursor technology (V French War)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1807\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Computer re-energized using what were later identified as solar panels\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1812\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Language reverse engineered, technology deemed \'93Forefathers\'94\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 instead of \'93Toltec\'94 though some posit that the Toltecs\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 are descended from Forefathers.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1814\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 RSTTR realizes computer stores alien patents\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1825\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yale establishes the \'93Society for Advanced Research\'94 (SAR)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1826-40\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 RSTTR moved from Philadelphia, New Haven, Connecticut (Yale)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1840\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAR returned to Salomon\'92s House, Philadelphia\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\fs24 \cf0 RSTTR / SAR Directors\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 Robert Scot\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1783\'961823\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 William Kneass\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1824\'961840\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death, Moves ST3R to Yale as SAR\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Christian Gobrecht\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1840\'961844\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 James B. Longacre\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1844\'961869\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 William Barber\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1869\'961879\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Charles E. Barber\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1879\'961917\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 George T. Morgan\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1917\'961925\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 John R. Sinnock\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1925\'961947\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Death\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 Chief Researchers\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 \'95	Robert Fulton is ST3R\'92s First Researcher until 1815\
\'95	Simeon North, ST3R 2nd Researcher 1815-1826.\
\'95	Samuel Morse joins in 1810 as apprentice after graduating Yale, ST3R Researcher 1826 after wife\'92s death\
\'95	Henry Blair joined ST3R in 1830\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Scene Dressing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 This section focuses on establishing the setting via fashion and other changes in society.}