{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 IM_FELL_English_Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red27\green31\blue34 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl
;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039 ;}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0 <$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>\f1\fs48 Chapter One
\par\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>\f2\b\fs28 Tuesday, September 14, 1762.\f0\b0\fs24\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Cs::1>\f2\fs28  It was a dark and stormy night. Ephraim Biggs stood under the building\rquote s eave as rivulets of rain poured over its edge. Between lightening flashes, he could see the lane ahead. Puddles of brown rain collected and formed a small stream. \i
Four more doors.\i0
\par Ephraim hued up and bolted down the lane. A nearby bolt of lightening flashed and thunder roared at the same time. The nearness scared him. He dove into a mud puddle. As suddenly as the lightening came, Ephraim felt foolish. Franklin\rquote s experiments assured him it would not strike him with so many buildings nearby.
\par He stood and shook himself off. He picked up his bag and continued down the lane. After two steps, he stopped. Mud on his face oozed toward his eyes. He looked up into the rain, letting the water help him wash the mud from his face away.
\par Soaked to the bone, he stopped running down the lane. It was a cold, dark rain, but in a few minutes he would be warm and dry.
\par He walked up to the house that the keeper at Widow Piper\rquote s Tavern said belonged to Jeffry Biggs. Light cracked through the shutters, signaling they were still awake. He straightened his coat. With his fist, he pounded on the door. He waited a few moments, then repeated his pounding.
\par The door opened. Jeffry Biggs pointed a flintlock pistol at Ephraim. \ldblquote Who is it?\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim looked at the pistol. It was half-cocked, the primer pan down. \ldblquote Your brother, Jeffry.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I don\rquote t have a brother named Jeffry.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Don\rquote t be an ass. It\rquote s me, Ephraim.\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry hesitated before tilting the pistol up. He grabbed the hammer with his thumb and decocked the pistol. Ephraim flinched. It was a nasty habit their father taught both of them, with consequences Ephraim was familiar with. At least Jeffry pointed the barrel away safely. \ldblquote Not like that.\rdblquote  \f0\fs24
\{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=\f2\fs28 The correct way is to blow the powder out of the pan.\f0\fs24 \\end_Scrv_annot\}\f2\fs28
\par Ephraim removed his hat before he crossed the threshold. He shook the rain off of it. He handed it over to Jeffry. He then took off his long coat, still covered in mud.
\par Jeffry motioned to a chair on the porch. \ldblquote Leave that on the chair. We\rquote ll take care of that in the morning.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim lay the coat across the chair\rquote s arms. He looked back at his brother to see if there was anything else he needed to do.
\par \ldblquote Enter.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim crossed the threshold. The house was warm. The faint wood smoke at the fire coaxed Ephraim to relax for the first time in a week.
\par \ldblquote Barbara, would you mind warming up some soup?\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry\rquote s wife Barbara set down her needlework. \ldblquote Good evening, Ephraim.\rdblquote  As she stood, Ephraim noticed the slight bulge that would be a new niece or nephew. He was there when their first was stillborn. Peggy and Jeffry junior would be asleep upstairs.
\par He shivered. \ldblquote Evening.\rdblquote  Without asking, he moved a nearby three-legged stool closer to the fire and sat.
\par \ldblquote Do you need a blanket?\rdblquote  she said.
\par He shook his head. \ldblquote Rum?\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry said, \ldblquote I\rquote ll get that.\rdblquote  He went to a cabinet to get a mug and the rum.
\par Barbara moved a near-empty pot of soup back onto the fire. \ldblquote We just finished a short while ago, so it won\rquote t take long.\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry handed the rum to Ephraim and stood back. Ephraim could feel the\emdash it was not quite a glare or a stare. It was that annoyed look Jeffry had when they were younger. It was a familiar look.
\par Ephraim preferred to sip the rum to warm him and let the fire slowly dry him.
\par After a bit, Jeffry sat at the table. He put his glasses on and picked up his quill and started reading. He made notes as he went. Every few moments, he would pause and glance toward Ephraim before returning to his work.
\par Barbara gave Ephraim some soup, then resumed her needlework.
\par It was thin. Either they had eaten all the best parts, or business was not thriving at the edge of civilization.
\par It remained quiet for quite some time. Ephraim finished the soup and milked the rum. His clothes dried up. Most of the mud was on the overcoat on the porch.
\par Jeffry set down the papers, quill and glasses. \ldblquote Alright, what\rquote s all this?\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim noted frustration and exasperation in his voice.
\par Ephraim took another sip of rum to buy a few more seconds. He thought through what he had rehearsed en route. Jeffry would not approve. Better to avoid the real reason.
\par \ldblquote I need a place to stay awhile.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote You have a place. Philadelphia.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I\rquote m thinking of moving West a bit. Or South. Philadelphia is a bit too modern. Right? That\rquote s why you left.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I left because there were too many lawyers there, and not enough here. As soon as they open the wilderness up, they will need lawyers.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim mumbled, \ldblquote people go West to avoid lawyers.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I said that\rquote s very enterprising of you. I\rquote m sure Pennsylvanians will find comfort in knowing the law is with them in the wilderness. Maybe you can lawyer your way into subduing the savages.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote You mean the Shawnee? The Cherokee? Many of them are adopting our modes of dress and law. Some are writing in their own language. Being out here\emdash I think I can help subdue the savages with the law, as you say.\rdblquote  Jeffry poured rum into his own mug, then poured more into Ephraim\rquote s.
\par \ldblquote Don\rquote t you think they would be happier if we stayed where we were and minded our own business?\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry laughed. \ldblquote I don\rquote t right care what they prefer. Locke was right, if they were the rightful owners of this land, it would be prosperous like England. Instead, they left it a wasteland. We English are more enterprising. We will subdue the Earth as divine law decreed. My way is more civil. Would you rather they adopt English law or French?\rdblquote 
\par Referring to the law as English grated. \ldblquote You know I don\rquote t care.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Right, you don\rquote t even agree with the appeal to divine law.\rdblquote 
\par It was a subtle barb, and one that did not get through Ephraim\rquote s skin. \ldblquote I learned all about God I needed in seminary. Look, I need a place to stay for a while.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Why not Philadelphia? You had a place there. You had one in New York before that. New Haven was your home for a time before that.\rdblquote  Jeffry shook his head. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think you have a home here.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I\rquote m not looking for a home. Just a place to stay while I find a home. I don\rquote t think these crossroads are where I will end up. Although, I did not see a smith.\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry clinched his jaw. \ldblquote There is a smith, and he barely makes ends meet. The Widow brings most of his work. People going down to Virginia or Carolina. Some soldiers going West to Fort Pitt. I don\rquote t think another smith is what this place needs.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote You don\rquote t think this place could handle two Biggs?\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry smirked, \ldblquote it\rquote s Bigg enough with one. Don\rquote t be coy.\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim feigned innocence. It was an old joke. At least Barbara smiled.
\par \ldblquote Why are you really here?\rdblquote 
\par Ephraim finished his rum. \ldblquote I just need to get away from Philadelphia, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote 
\par Jeffry tutted. \ldblquote In trouble, like always? Still speaking out against the King? That\rquote s treason, you know.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote For speaking my mind? Don\rquote t be daft. You watch. As soon as this instant French war is over, Americans will clamor for the English to leave.\rdblquote  Ephraim pointed at himself with this thumb. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to be one of them.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote A Son of Liberty? You? I should have known. You always buck authority, even at the old forge.\rdblquote 
\par It was the Jeffry\rquote s tone that set Ephraim off. \ldblquote You watch. God will grant me the power to drive the English out.\rdblquote  He glanced over at Barbara, who pretended not to notice the conversation.
\par \ldblquote The same God you balked at in seminary? Hardly. Maybe for spite. The Devil more like. Besides, you\rquote re English. Good luck driving yourself out.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote I\rquote m American. Neither of us have ever been to England, and those lobsters are keen to remind us.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote And what would you do if God or the Devil grants your wish? The day after the English leave, you\rquote ll still be Ephraim.\rdblquote 
\par The barb struck hard. \ldblquote I\rquote ll be a free Ephraim. That\rquote s all that matters. I\rquote ll kill anyone who tries to stop me.\rdblquote  
\par Jeffry glared at him like their father used to. \ldblquote No, you won\rquote t. You\rquote ll run away like you always do. I will let you stay a few days. After that, continue down Wagon Road.\rdblquote 
\par * * *
\par A few {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://677782E3-F271-4D6E-BD68-86A13D3F7106"}}{\fldrslt days}} in Shippensburg was all Ephraim needed. On the first day, he toured the town, including a survey of the puddle he had become acquainted with the night before. It surprised him to find the log stockade fort, Fort Morris. The fort was inactive, but represented English rule. They built it to protect this part of the Wagon road during the French & Indian War after they slew Braddock. Given that many of the town\rquote s buildings, including Jeffry\rquote s house, were stone, it struck Ephraim oddly that the fort was wood.
\par Widow\rquote s Tavern revealed the other reason to move on. Shippensburg was a crossroads to Ohio Country. Trappers, traders and redcoats frequented the Tavern. He could feel their eyes on him when he entered the tavern.
\par He needed to get further away. At least until things quieted down. Falling Springs was appealing. It had a fort, privately owned, and few settlers. It was much smaller than it used to be, which meant it may soon resettle. Ephraim worried hostilities had only recently paused near Falling Springs and could resume. He thought Jeffry was mad to settle so close to the wilderness with Barbara and their children.}