{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 IM_FELL_English_Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs48 Chapter One\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs28 Tuesday, September 14, 1762.
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\fs28  It was a dark and stormy night. Ephraim Biggs stood under the building\'92s eave as rivulets of rain poured over its edge. Between lightening flashes, he could see the lane ahead. Puddles of brown rain collected and formed a small stream. 
\i Four more doors.
\i0 \
Ephraim hued up and bolted down the lane. A nearby bolt of lightening flashed and thunder roared at the same time. The nearness scared him. He dove into a mud puddle. As suddenly as the lightening came, Ephraim felt foolish. Franklin\'92s experiments assured him he would not be struck with so many buildings nearby.\
He stood and shook himself off. He picked up his bag and continued down the lane. After two steps, he stopped. Mud on his face oozed toward his eyes. He looked up into the rain, letting the water help him wash the mud from his face away.\
Soaked to the bone, he stopped running down the lane. It was a cold, dark rain, but in a few minutes he would be warm and dry.\
He walked up to the house that the keeper at Widow Piper\'92s Tavern said belonged to Jeffry Biggs. Light cracked through the shutters signaling they were still awake. He straightened his coat. With his fist, he pounded on the door. He waited a few moments, then repeated his pounding.\
The door opened. Jeffry Biggs pointed a flintlock pistol at Ephraim. \'93Who is it?\'94\
Ephraim looked at the pistol. It was at half-cock, the primer pan down. \'93Your brother, Jeffry.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t have a brother named Jeffry.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t be an ass. It\'92s me, Ephraim.\'94\
Jeffry hesitated before tilting the pistol up. He grabbed the hammer with his thumb and decocked the pistol. Ephraim flinched. It was a bad habit their father taught both of them, with consequences Ephraim was familiar with. At least Jeffry pointed the barrel away safely. \'93Not like that.\'94 
\f0\fs24 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=
\f2\fs28 The correct way is to blow the powder out of the pan.
\f0\fs24 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f2\fs28 \
Ephraim removed his hat before he crossed the threshold. He shook the rain off of it. He handed it over to Jeffry. He then took off his long coat, still covered in mud.\
Jeffry motioned to a chair on the porch. \'93Leave that on the chair. We\'92ll take care of that in the morning.\'94\
Ephraim lay the coat across the chair\'92s arms. He looked back at his brother to see if there was anything else he needed to do.\
\'93Enter.\'94\
Ephraim crossed the threshold. The house was warm. The faint wood smoke at the fire coaxed Ephraim to relax for the first time in a week.\
\'93Barbara, would you mind warming up some soup?\'94\
Jeffry\'92s wife Barbara set down her needlework. \'93Certainly. Good evening, Ephraim.\'94 As she stood, Ephraim noticed the slight bulge that would be a new niece or nephew. He was there when their first was stillborn. Peggy and Jeffry junior would be asleep upstairs.\
He started to shiver. \'93Evening.\'94 Without asking, he moved a nearby three-legged stool closer to the fire and sat.\
\'93Do you need a blanket?\'94 she said.\
He shook his head. \'93Rum?\'94\
Jeffry said, \'93I\'92ll get that.\'94 He went to a cabinet to get a mug and the rum.\
Barbara moved a near-empty pot of soup back onto the fire. \'93We just finished a short while ago, so it won\'92t take long.\
Jeffry handed the rum to Ephraim, and stood back. Ephraim could feel the\'97it was not quite a glare or a stare. It was that annoyed look Jeffry had when they were younger. It was a familiar look.\
Ephraim preferred to sip the rum to warm him and let the fire slowly dry him.\
After a bit, Jeffry sat at the table. He put his glasses on and picked up his quill and started reading. He made notes as he went. Every few moments, he would pause and glance toward Ephraim before returning to his work.\
Barbara gave Ephraim some soup, then resumed her needlework.\
It was thin. Either they had eaten all the best parts, or business was not thriving at the edge of civilization.\
It remained quiet for quite some time. Ephraim finished the soup and milked the rum. His clothes dried up. Most of the mud was on the longcoat on the porch.\
Jeffry set down the papers, quill and glasses. \'93Alright, what\'92s all this?\'94\
Ephraim noted frustration and exasperation in his voice.\
Ephraim took another sip of rum to buy a few more seconds. He thought through what he had rehearsed en route. He never found a way to make it sound less incriminating.\
\'93I need a place to stay a while.\'94\
\'93You have a place. Philadelphia.\'94\
\'93I\'92m thinking of moving West a bit. Or South. Philadelphia is a bit too modern. Right? That\'92s why you left.\'94\
\'93I left because there were too many lawyers there, and not enough here. As soon as the wilderness is opened up they will need lawyers.\'94\
Ephraim mumbled, \'93people go West to avoid lawyers.\'94\
\'93What\'92s that?\'94\
\'93I said that\'92s very enterprising of you. I\'92m sure Pennsylvanians will find comfort in knowing the law is with them in the wilderness. Maybe you can lawyer your way into subduing the savages.\'94\
\'93You mean the Shawnee? The Cherokee? Many of them are adopting our modes of dress and law. Some are starting to write in their own language. Being out here\'97I think I can help subdue the savages with the law, as you say.\'94 Jeffry poured rum into his own mug, then poured more into Ephraim\'92s.\
\'93Don\'92t you think they would be happier if we stayed where we were and minded our own business?\'94\
Jeffry laughed. \'93I don\'92t right care what they prefer. Locke was right, if they were the rightful owners of this land, it would be prosperous like England. Instead, they left it a wasteland. We English are more enterprising. We will subdue the Earth as divine law decreed. My way is more civil. Would you rather they adopt English law or French?\'94\
Referring to the law as English grated. \'93You know I don\'92t care one way or the other.\'94\
\'93Right, you don\'92t even agree with the appeal to divine law.\'94\
It was a subtle barb, and one that did not get through Ephraim\'92s skin. \'93I learned all about God I needed in seminary. Look, I need a place to stay for while.\'94\
\'93Why not Philadelphia? You had a place there. You had one in New York before that. New Haven was your home for a time before that.\'94 Jeffry shook his head. \'93I don\'92t think you have a home here.\'94\
\'93I\'92m not looking for a home. Just a place to stay while I find a home. I don\'92t think these crossroads are where I will end up. Although, I did not see a smith.\'94\
Jeffry clinched his jaw. \'93There is a smith, and he barely makes ends meet. The Widow brings most of his work. People going down to Virginia or Carolina. Some Army going West to Fort Pitt. I don\'92t think another smith is what this place needs.\'94\
\'93You don\'92t think this place could handle two Biggs?\'94\
Jeffry smirked, \'93it\'92s Bigg enough with one. Don\'92t be coy.\'94\
Ephraim feigned innocence. It was an old joke. At least Barbara smiled.\
\'93Why are you really here?\'94\
Ephraim finished his rum. \'93I just need to get away from Philadelphia, that\'92s all.\'94\
Jeffry tutted. \'93In trouble like always? Still speaking out against the King? That\'92s treason, you know.\'94\
\'93For speaking my mind? Don\'92t be daft. You watch. As soon as this instant French war is over, Americans will be clammoring for the English to leave.\'94 Ephraim pointed at himself with this thumb. \'93I\'92m going to be one of them.\'94\
\'93A Son of Liberty? You? I should have known. Always bucking authority, even at the old forge.\'94\
It was the Jeffry\'92s tone that set Ephraim off. \'93You watch. God will grant me the power to drive the English out.\'94 He glanced over at Barbara who pretended not to notice the conversation.\
\'93The same God you balked at in seminary? Hardly. Maybe for spite. The Devil more like. Besides, you\'92re English. Good luck driving yourself out.\'94\
\'93I\'92m American. Neither of us have ever been to England, and those lobsters are keen to remind us.\'94\
\'93And what would you do if God or the Devil grants your wish? The day after the English are gone, you\'92ll still be Ephraim.\'94\
The barb struck hard. \'93I\'92ll be a free Ephraim. That\'92s all that matters. I\'92ll kill anyone who tries to stop me.\'94 \
Jeffry glared at him like their father used to. \'93No, you won\'92t. You\'92ll run away like you always do. I will let you stay a few days. After that, you should continue down Wagon Road.\'94\
* * *\
A few {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://677782E3-F271-4D6E-BD68-86A13D3F7106"}}{\fldrslt days}} in Shippensburg was all Ephraim needed. On the first day, he toured the town, including a survey of the puddle he had become acquainted with the night before. He was surprised to find the log stockade fort, Fort Morris. The fort was inactive, but represented English rule nonetheless. It was built to protect this part of the Wagon road during the French & Indian War after Braddock was slain. Given that many of the town\'92s buildings, including Jeffry\'92s house, were made of stone, it struck Ephraim oddly that the fort was wood.\
Widow\'92s Tavern revealed the other reason to move on. Shippensburg was a crossroads to Ohio Country. The Tavern was frequented by trappers, traders and redcoats. He could feel their eyes on him when he entered the tavern.\
He needed to get further away. At least until things quieted down. Falling Springs was appealing. It had a fort, privately owned, and few settlers. It was much smaller than it used to be, which meant it may soon resettle. Ephraim worried that hostilities had only recently paused near Falling Springs and could resume. He thought Jeffry was mad to settle so close to the wilderness with Barbara and their children.}