{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Ephraim George Biggs
\b0  is a blacksmith and an extremist Son of Liberty who wants nothing more than American independence. His goal is to use the weapons he finds to purge America of British control, but is confronted with needing them to thwart Pontiac\'92s Rebellion. He realizes protecting society is more important than his view of what that society should be.\
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sl264\slmult1\sb240\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0 Story: Ephraim killed a British officer and was found guilty, only to escape and flee to the edge of society seeking refuge with his brother. Jeffry refuses, but also gives him lead time to flee into the wilderness, where Ephraim is pursued by Indians and falls into the Temple. With advanced weapons in hand, he tries to get them to Sons of Liberty, only to be captured by Mortimer. When Pontiac\'92s Rebellion is known, he relents to his brother\'92s pressure to surrender the location of the temple (and take Mortimer & militia there) to get more weapons to lift the seige of Ft. Pitt. In compensation, Mortimer lets Ephraim free by agreeing to say he was killed in the fighting. Ephraim decides to go to South Carolina under an assumed name, but murders & robs Solomon Sharpe first.
\f1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}