{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Hobbes Was Right\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0\fs22 \cf0 \'93The people, they know where I stand. They need rules to live by\'97I provide them. They break the rules, I break them. That\'92s the way it works. Rights? Sure, I\'92m all for rights. But not at the expense of order.\'94
\f2\i0 \
The only forces capable of controlling this setting are tyrants, dictators and authoritarian groups. Any attempt at democracy is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DemocracyIsBad"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 a doomed enterprise}}, formulated by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WideEyedIdealist"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Wide-Eyed Idealists}} working under the belief that there is a grain of selflessness in 
\f1\i any
\f2\i0  person.\
That this be a 
\f1\i benevolent
\f2\i0  dictatorship {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/KnightTemplar"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 is optional}} (in fact, the presence of a benevolent dictator would suggest Hobbes was 
\f1\i wrong
\f2\i0 ).\
Named after Thomas Hobbes, who wrote in the 17th-century book 
\f1\i Leviathan
\f2\i0  that strong, centralized government is necessary to protect mankind from its own base nature and self-serving desires. The trope is based on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Flanderization"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Flanderized}} version of his philosophy. It is worth noting that many medieval kings (as an isolated example) had to be strong and bastardly to be effective. Naturally, this opinion goes hand in hand with the belief that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HumansAreBastards"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Humans Are Bastards}}, possibly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HumansAreMorons"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Humans Are Morons}} if the arguments are about the reliability of human judgment if power is left in the hands of the many (though when one considers who the only available candidates for rulership are\'97{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DontExplainTheJoke"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 namely, members of that same species of bastard morons}}\'85). Indeed, Rousseau\'97the chief defender of the contrary position\'97had some choice words for Hobbes (although Hobbes, being dead, couldn\'92t appreciate the insults).\
Contrast {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MachiavelliWasWrong"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Machiavelli Was Wrong}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/RousseauWasRight"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Rousseau Was Right}}; compare and contrast {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheExtremistWasRight"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Extremist Was Right}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheEvilsOfFreeWill"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Evils of Free Will}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Realpolitik"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Realpolitik}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/UtopiaJustifiesTheMeans"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Utopia Justifies the Means}}. Has nothing to do with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicStrip/CalvinAndHobbes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i \cf2 Calvin and Hobbes}}, though 
\f1\i that
\f2\i0  Hobbes was named after this one. For Hobbes\'92 views on the supernatural, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DevilButNoGod"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Devil, but No God}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BurnTheWitch"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Burn the Witch!}}}