{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1783-1848: Eradication of African Slavery\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Discuss actual trends in African Slavery in Britain in this era.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Without the American Revolution, the anti-slavery movement in England starts earlier. Over this 50-year period (1772-1848), slavery was eliminated throughout the British Empire.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	1772 - Somerset\'92s Case holds there is no basis for slavery in English law, and held that laws supporting slavery were against Natural Law. This extends to BNA.\
\'95	1787 - Wilberforce\'92s Anti-Slavery Society struggled against London Society of West India Planters and Merchants who fought against abolition of slavery.\
\'95	1807 - During a break in the 
\f3\b French Troubles
\f2\b0 , England de-legalizes trans-shipment of slaves on the Oceans and between non-connected provinces.\
\'95	1833 - \'93Apprenticeship Act of 1833\'94 ends slavery in all British holdings by stages & \'93apprenticeships.\'94 Chattel is immediately repudiated by Parliament, meaning that African children were born free. Slave owners were mollified by a tax break for each freeborn child. Slave owners were compensated by tax. American high-society slave owners were well-compensated, lower-class owners were not, leading to some animosity. Increased investment in Toltec technology helps blunt the need for slaves during the Apprenticeship Period (1833-1846).\
\'95	1846-48 - Apprenticeships ended in American provinces (Virginia, Carolina, Georgia) to increase representation in Parliament, leading to local civil conflicts in each province by the lower class \'93masters,\'94 which was put down by General Scott.\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "Document%20**American%20Troubles**"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Document%20**American%20Troubles**}} Need to research Parliament in the 19th Century.}