{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 Value Proposition / Business Model\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.54323\\G=0.0\\B=0.02382\} \\text=<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs28 What\'92s compelling about the proposition? Why do customers buy, use?
\f0\fs24 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f2\fs28 \
Strand provides uplifting serial fiction novellas to satisfy our customer segments\'92 desire for entertainment. Each novella should be short enough to fit in the time a reader / listener is either at the airport, in the air, or in the car. Novellas seasons are long enough to fill a long-hauler\'92s driving week. Being short, we are not competing heavily for their time with other entertainment options. We fill the gap.\
Our Author business model is \'93solo-developed high-volume fiction.\'94 We seek to put out a new 10-book season every two years to start, launching a new book very 2 months. In a perfect world (full-time writing), a new season would launch every year with books released monthly. In both cases, there is time for two months off.\
We are not distracting ourselves with other value propositions, such as speaking, consulting, or other business options like helping other writers.}