{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LiterataRoman-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Literata-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Prolog:
\f1\b0  The Iroquois under KARIWASE capture & kill a trapper asleep in his camp, announcing the global threat.\

\f0\b Act 1 / Chapter 1.
\f1\b0  Ephraim George BIGGS is a rebel Son of Liberty on the run from HIM a UK bounty-hunter MORTIMER REECE. He shows up at his brother\'92s house in the rain looking for refuge, but his brother (ever the lawyer) finds out why and sends him away (he repairs Jeffry\'92s son\'92s toy, showing him as a tinkerer).\
Ephriam goes to another town and gets hired as a smith who comments on his breeding, hands, and disrespect for civil authority. \'93I\'92m not fond of the color red.\'94 Meanwhile, Reece shows up at Jeff\'92s house on the trail, but Jeff avoids giving up his brother; but Reece learned that Ephraim was trained as a smith. He has his men comb the countryside looking for towns with new smiths. This leads to Reece finding Ephraim under an assumed name, when a fight breaks out and Ephraim flees into the wilderness. But, Reece pursues, with Ephraim\'92s capture. This leads to Reece finding Ephraim under an assumed name, when a fight breaks out and Ephraim flees into the wilderness. But, Reece pursues, with Ephraim\'92s capture.\

\f0\b Chapter 2.
\f1\b0  The Iroquois under Kariwase pick up on the pursuit and hunt them, resulting in a firefight that lets Ephraim escape (shoeless). The Iroquois under Kariwase pick up on the pursuit and hunt them, resulting in a firefight that lets Ephraim escape (shoeless). Ephraim flees wounded & pursued by the Iroquois, when he falls into the TEMPLE unconscious. Reece and team get split during the fog of war, with a third rejoining with Reece & beating a retreat to civilization. Ephraim flees wounded & pursued by the Iroquois, when he falls into the TEMPLE unconscious. Reece and team get split during the fog of war, with a third rejoining with Reece & beating a retreat to civilization. When Ephraim comes to, he is able to start a small fire for light, letting him find material to dress his wound. He explores the temple and discovers the rifle ala Conan the Barbarian. He experiments with it until he accidentally fires it. His continued exploration leads him to a larger space, an artificial light (the lightening bug), and a trove of weapons and ammunition. Excited by the prospects, Ephraim decides to take a few toys to Philadelphia to the Sons of Liberty. But, he first has to escape the Iroquois party.\

\f0\b Act 2. / Chapter 3.
\f1\b0 \
He finds a way out of the Temple, but the pursuit resumes when he gives away his position. He shoots the hunting party killing the five of them in rapid succession. Rather than run, he loots the bodies for shoes and uses their arrows to conceal the wounds. With a makeshift sled, he pulls out his samples and heads to Philadelphia, but he stops by his place in Smithytown, which alerts Mortimer that he is not dead. Meanwhile, Kariwase discovers the slain warrior party and discovers the ruse, bewildered he tracks Mortimer\'92s sled until he realizes it is leaving their territory. Mortimer, alerted to Ephraim\'92s return confronts the Smithy, but is thwarted somehow, and has his men resume searching neighboring towns while he goes back to Jeffry.\

\f0\b Chapter 4.
\f1\b0  Ephraim arrives in Philadelphia and quietly makes himself known to the Sons. After a meal, he arranges a rural demonstration of the rifles, but SOLOMON SHARPE reports this to WARREN BOYDELL, who sends word to Mortimer. Meanwhile, Kariwase meets with Pontiac and receives instructions related to the brewing war. Mortimer meets with Jeffry and is flustered, accusing him of harboring a fugitive (and of being a coward by not challenging a duel), but when he gets back to his room in \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the Inn has word from Boydell of Ephraim\'92s location. He hurries back to Philadelphia. In Philadelphia, Boydell traps Ephraim by having Sharpe entertain Ephraim over dinner. Meanwhile, Kariwase is involved in a battle fought before Ft. Pitt Siege.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Act 3.\
In a cell (Research jails in Philadelphia circa 1770), Ephraim sends word to Jeffry asking for help. Mortimer arrives in Philadelphia and after meeting with Sharp wants to find out about the weapon. They secure the rifle and test it, with Mortimer having a thumb incident. Ephraim and Mortimer talk about the rifle, and Mortimer tries to get him drunk, only to learn that Ephraim has a high alcohol tolerance. They argue about British authority instead. \'93Your sentence will be carried out.\'94 \'93I\'92ve not been tried yet.\'94 \'93You were in absentia.\'94 Meanwhile, Kariwase involved in another attack somewhere, and we find that he is up-and-coming and very anti-European. Jeffry arrives in Philadelphia and tries to find a way to help his brother; finding out that Mortimer might let Ephraim free if the Temple\'92s location was revealed. But, Ephraim refuses to help the British. Meanwhile, news of Pontiac\'92s raids reach Philadelphia, alerting to the need to take action. LOCAL COMMANDER realizes there are insufficient troops to protect the interior, when Boydell mentions the weapons. This renews pressure to divulge the location, and when confronted about the facts (which he wants to doubt but for Jeffry\'92s fear), Ephraim surrenders the weapon cache\'92s location.\
Act 4.  Ephraim reacts to having given away the best thing for the Revolution when his brother cheers him up (story less). They start training on the weapons they have when they realize they do not have enough (4 rifles) or enough bullets (80). Mortimer heads to Pitt while Ephraim takes a small team to the Temple to get more, including the Strand brothers. He tries to take a route to obfuscate the temple\'92s location. They get to the temple, no sign of trouble, get more weapons and bullets, and head to Pitt. Meanwhile, the Seige at Pitt intensifies. Mortimer and his men get into a fight with Kariwase, who is beaten back by the four rifles. Stunned & wounded, Kariwase heads to Pitt with Mortimer in pursuit. All arrive at Pitt and a fight ensues with two teams with rifles putting the indians into a cross-fire that kills most the indians. There is cleanup afterward and discussion about the rifles. Meanwhile, word gets to Boydell who sends a rifle, case of rounds and a lantern to London. Mortimer and Biggs talk, Biggs agreeing to disappear. Mortimer & Boydell talk about the need to take what they have and break the Iroquois\'92 back, when Johnson arrives to suggest negotiation. \'93How can you beat back an entire nation with 16 rifles and a box of bullets?\'94 Biggs arrives in Charleston, taking up work as a smith. He reviews a drawing what he remembered the rifle looking like. The Strand brothers retrace their steps to the Temple; grab a bunch of tech and head to Philadelphia. The technology reaches London, George \'93this changes everything.\'94}