{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Five-Man Band\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 Pictured: Everybody in the band.\
The Five-Man Band is a group of characters whose members fall into archetypes which all complement one another. They are a very specific team with skills that contribute to the group in a way oddly analogous to the members of a rock band. It can sometimes literally be a musical group, but much more often is not.\
The group traditionally includes:\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheLeader"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Leader}} \'97 
\f2\i (lead singer)
\f1\i0  The leader of the group. Can be a mastermind, charismatic, levelheaded, headstrong, or some combination of the four. Often also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheHero"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Hero}}.\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheLancer"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Lancer}} \'97 
\f2\i (lead guitar)
\f1\i0  Usually a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Foil"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 contrast}} to The Leader. If the Leader is clean-cut and/or uptight, the Lancer is a grizzled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AntiHero"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Anti-Hero}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DeadpanSnarker"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Deadpan Snarker}}; if the Leader is driven and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AntiHero"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 somewhat amoral}}, the Lancer is more relaxed and level-headed.\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheSmartGuy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Smart Guy}} \'97 
\f2\i (keyboardist)
\f1\i0  The physically weak, but intelligent or clever member. Often nerdy and awkwardly played for comic relief. Sometimes unconventionally young (early- to mid-teens). Sometimes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheTrickster"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Trickster}} and a buddy of the Big Guy.\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheBigGuy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Big Guy}} \'97 
\f2\i (drummer)
\f1\i0  The strongman of the team. May be dumb. Or mute.\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheChick"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Chick}} \'97 
\f2\i (vocal effects, tambourine)
\f1\i0  A peacekeeping role to balance out the other members\'92 aggression, bringing them to a nice or at least manageable medium. The Chick is often considered {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheHeart"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 the heart}} of the group. This role is played by a woman or girl. Someone female. Otherwise, it is not a Five-Man Band.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The five-man rock band phenomenon, four guys and a girl singer, is no longer as current as it once was. It was very hard to escape in the 60\'92s and 70\'92s. However, the group structure, as you will see in the examples, turns up in 
\f2\i a lot
\f1\i0  of storytelling. Like a 
\f2\i whole
\f1\i0  lot of storytelling.\
See also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ThreeAmigos"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \'a1Three Amigos!}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PowerTrio"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Power Trio}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CastCalculus"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cast Calculus}}. Fighting ability is usually determined by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FixedRelativeStrength"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Fixed Relative Strength}}. Compare the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CommandRoster"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Command Roster}}, for military-esque teams. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ThePsychoRangers"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 The Psycho Rangers}} are the collective {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/EvilCounterpart"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Evil Counterpart}} of a given Five-Man Band. See also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FourTemperamentEnsemble"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Four-Temperament Ensemble}}.\
These are examples of teams that fit 
\f3\b all five
\f1\b0  of the character tropes. Remember that they form a team dynamic; it\'92s always tempting to match two of the characters in a show, then try to convince yourself and others that the other characters can be squeezed/wedged/stuffed into the description of the other character types, but that\'92s not the point of the Five-Man Band trope. The individual character types exist outside of the band. 
\f3\b The Five-Man Band only occurs when the team as a whole fits, not just a few characters.
\f1\b0 \
As a rule of thumb, if your band example has to justify more than two types, or a single trope with more than two sentences of qualifiers, you\'92re trying to fool yourself. If it isn\'92t a Five-Man Band, it isn\'92t a Five-Man Band.}