{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FiraCode-Light_Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\\Scrv_ps=<$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs22 \'97\
character:\
  name: Ben Franklin\
  role: minor\
  order: 1\
  type: historical-character\
  season: seasons 3\'965; guest season 1; recurring season 2\
  actor: <who would you want to portray him?>\
  summary: |2\
\'97\
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\end_Scrv_ps\}<!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs26 \

\f3\b Overview.
\f2\b0 \
Ben Franklin is a (DESCRIPTIVE PHRASE).\
For him, life is a (WORLDVIEW).\
Others say he is best known for (ACCOMPLISHMENT).\
When people first meet him, they notice his (PHYSICAL TRAITS AND PERSONALITY), then they notice that (TRAITS THAT ADD OR CONTRADICTs DOMINANT TRAITS).\
Because of (TRAGEDY), he needs to prove that (LIE).\
He fears that (FEAR) and will (FLAW / COMPETING) to prevent it.\
\

\f3\b Summary.
\f2\b0 \
One-sentence summary of 
\f3\b series
\f2\b0  from character's perspective.\
One-paragraph expansion in ~8 sentences.\
<!-- The Lie Believed -->\
<!-- Surprise 1 - Lie Proved -->\
<!-- Reaction 1 - Quest Committed -->\
<!-- The Truth Voiced -->\
<!-- Surprise 2 - Lie Doubted -->\
<!-- Surprise 3 - Lie Confronted -->\
<!-- Epiphany - Truth Embraced -->\
\

\f3\b Physical.
\f2\b0 \
<!-- Defining Characteristic -->\
<!-- Eyes -->\
<!-- Hair -->\
<!-- Build -->\
<!-- Style -->\
<!-- Age -->\
\

\f3\b Emotional.
\f2\b0 \
Ben Franklin would say he is a [adjective] [noun]<!-- Identity -->\
<!-- Fear / External Conflict / what believes will reoccur -->\
<!-- Lie / Internal conflict / believes true due to backstory -->\
<!-- Wound / Emotional repercussions-->\
<!-- Flaw / bad behavior protecting wound -->\
<!--  Desire / Want / Dream -->\
<!-- Competing Value / alternate expression of Want counter to series theme -->\
\

\f3\b Personality.
\f2\b0 \
<!-- Social Mask -->\
<!-- Humor -->\
<!-- Faith -->\
<!-- Politics -->\
<!-- Upbringing -->\
<!-- Education -->\
<!-- Work History -->\
<!-- Interests -->\
<!-- Friends -->\
<!-- Foes -->\
<!-- Philosophy -->\
\

\f3\b Tragedy / Backstory.
\f2\b0 \
<!-- Rough out the Dark Moment Story, a short-story like _Butcher of Anderson Station_. -->\
One-paragraph summary of Ben Franklin's personal tragedy that fuels his Fear, Lie, Wound, Flaw and Desire.}