{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1763-1783: Point of Divergence\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 From the Glorious Revolution of 1688 until the end of the Seven Year\'92s War of 1763, a philosophical and political rift occurred both in America and Britain. Americans viewed Locke\'92s Second Treatise of Government as a blueprint for social change. The British viewed it as wasted paper. Benign neglect from the 1720s to 1740s resulted in colonists assuming more control for their affairs; home rule 
\f2\i de jure
\f1\i0 . This neglect was shattered during the Seven Year\'92s War, but Americans exploited the crisis with their more sophisticated understanding of politics and emerged from the War debt-free and ready to assert its independence. In England, Parliament weakened the Crown\'92s control over politics and the prerogative system, nearly reducing the Crown to a figurehead. George III subverted that trend by taking control of Parliament in the years between his coronation in 1760 and the end of the War in 1763.\
Saddled with war debt and the need to protect North America, George\'92s Parliament enacted the Sugar Act, which reduced the tax on molasses. Americans rioted and decried this as an intrusion into its home rule. The period known as the American Troubles (1763-67) were pivotal in stabilizing British-American relations and establishing the modern British Commonwealth. During the Troubles, Crown and Parliament exploited American internecine jealousies and prejudices to prevent this strain from flaring into mutiny. George recognized the threat to stability and had Parliament invite American colonies to send delegates to negotiate. An agreement similar to the earlier home rule \'93Albany Plan\'94 pitched by Benjamin Franklin in 1755 was agreed upon. The Stamp Act of 1765 & Declaratory Act of 1766 never occur. Timelines diverge.
\f3\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f1  OTL: The watershed period from 1763-1767 divided America and Britain. The Proclamation in 1763, the Sugar Act in 1764, Stamp Act of 1765 and its repeal / Declaratory Act of 1766 and the Townshend Acts of 1767 progressively strained and broke relations. As cold hostilities turned to hot war, moderates sought to halt the separation until by the 1777 Battle of Saratoga it became clear no reunification was possible. Read @millerOriginsAmericanRevolution1943.
\f3 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f1\fs22 \
Toltec weaponry thwarted Pontiac\'92s Rebellion in Summer of 1763, which prevented the Declaratory Act from being enacted. Instead, King George sends a full regiment to ensure the Ohio is retained and negotiations for American home rule started. REMOVE\
In 1765, Parliament invited a delegation from each of the mainland colonies to work out differences that included Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and Thomas Jefferson. This extended negotiation (1765-68) blunted Radical demands for independence. However, a splinter from the Sons of Liberty continued the (now unpopular) fight for American Independence. This splinter movement is a key area of conflict in Discovery Season.\
These negotiations led to legislation that addressed British North America grievances and allowed both sides of the Atlantic to move forward in a tense harmony.\
Research:\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "Document%20**American%20Troubles**"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Document%20**American%20Troubles**}} 1768 https://www.britannica.com/event/Treaties-of-Fort-Stanwix\
\'95	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "Document%20**American%20Troubles**"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Document%20**American%20Troubles**}} https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Stanwix}