{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
September, 14 N.S. 1762.
\f1\b0  It was a dark and stormy night. Ephraim Biggs stood under the building's eave as rivulets of rain poured over its edge. Between lightening flashes, he could see the lane ahead. Puddles of brown rain collected and formed a small stream. 
\f2\i Four more doors.
\f1\i0 \
Ephraim hued up and bolted down the lane. A nearby bolt of lightening flashed and thunder roared at the same time. The nearness scared him. He dove down, into a mud puddle. As suddenly as the lightening came, Ephraim felt foolish for jumping into the mud.\
\
He stood and shook himself off. He picked up his bag and continued down the lane. After two steps, he stopped. Mud on his face oozed toward his eyes. He looked up into the rain, letting the water help him wash the mud from his face away.\
\
Soaked to the bone, he stopped running down the lane. It was a cold, dark rain, but in a few minutes he would be warm and dry.\
\
He walked up to the house that the Widow Piper's Tavern keeper said belonged to Jeffry Biggs. Light cracked through the shutters signaling they were still awake. He straightened his coat. With his fist, he pounded on the door. He waited a few moments, then repeated his pounding.\
\
The door opened. Jeffry Biggs pointed a flintlock pistol at Ephraim. "Who is it?"\
\
\
\
Ephraim looked at the pistol. It was at half-cock, the primer pan down. "Your brother, Jeffry."\
\
"I don't have a brother named Jeffry."\
\
"Don't be an ass. It's me, Ephraim."\
\
Jeffry hesitated before tilting the pistol up. He grabbed the hammer with his thumb and decocked the pistol. Ephraim flinched. It was a bad habit their father taught both of them. At least he pointed the barrel away safely. "Not like that."\
\
<!-- https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20141020061334AAujVoR -->\
\
Ephraim removed his hat before he crossed the threshold. He shook the rain off of it. He handed it over to Jeffry. He then took off his long coat, still covered in mud.\
\
Jeffry motioned to a chair on the porch. "Leave that on the chair. We'll take care of that in the morning."\
\
Ephraim lay the coat across the chair's arms. He looked back at his brother to see if there was anything else he needed to do.\
\
"Enter."\
\
Ephraim crossed the threshold. The house was warm. The faint wood smoke at the fire coaxed Ephraim to relax for the first time in a week.\
\
"Barbara, would you mind warming up some soup?"\
\
Jeffry's wife Barbara set down her needlework. "Certainly. Good evening, Ephraim." As she stood, Ephraim noticed the slight bulge that would be a new niece or nephew. He was there when their first was stillborn. Peggy and Jeffry junior would be asleep upstairs.\
\
He started to shiver. "Evening." Without asking, he moved a nearby three-legged stool closer to the fire and sat.\
\
"Do you need a blanket?" she said.\
\
He shook his head. "Rum?"\
\
Jeffry said, "I'll get that." He went to a cabinet to get a mug and the rum.\
\
Barbara moved a near-empty pot of soup back onto the fire. "We just finished a short while ago, so it won't take long."\
\
Jeffry handed the rum to Ephraim, and stood back. Ephraim could feel the---it was not quite a glare or a stare. It was that annoyed look Jeffry had when they were younger. It was a familiar look. Ephraim preferred to sip the rum to warm him and let the fire slowly dry him.\
\
After a bit, Jeffry sat at the table. He put his glasses and picked up his quill and started reading. He made notes as he went. Every few moments, he would pause and glance toward Ephraim before returning to his work.\
\
Barbara gave Ephraim some soup, then resumed her needlework.\
\
It remained quiet for quite some time. Ephraim finished the soup and milked the rum. His clothes dried up. Most of the mud was on the longcoat on the porch.\
\
Jeffry set down the papers, quill and glasses. "Alright, what's all this?"\
\
Ephraim noted frustration and exasperation in his voice.\
Ephraim took another sip of rum to buy a few more seconds. He thought through what he had rehearsed en route. He never found a way to make it sound less incriminating.\
\
"I need a place to stay a while."\
\
"You have a place. Philadelphia."\
\
"I'm thinking of moving West a bit. Philadelphia is a bit too modern. Right? That's why you left."\
\
"I left because there were too many lawyers there, and not enough here. As soon as the wilderness is opened up they will need lawyers."\
\
Ephraim mumbled, "people go West to avoid lawyers."\
\
"What's that?"\
\
"I said that's very enterprising of you. I'm sure Pennsylvanians will find comfort in knowing the law is with them in the wilderness. Maybe you can lawyer your way into subduing the savages."\
\
"You mean the Shawnee? The Cherokee? Many of them are adopting our modes of dress and law. Some are starting to write in their own language. Being out here--I think I can help subdue the savages with the law, as you say." Jeffry poured rum into his own mug, then poured some into Ephraim's.\
\
"Don't you think they would be happier if we stayed where we were and minded our own business?"\
\
Jeffry laughed. "I don't right care what they prefer. Locke was right, if they were the rightful owners of this land, it would be prosperous like England. Instead, they left it a wasteland. We English are more enterprising. We will subdue the Earth as divine law decreed. My way is more civil. Would you rather they adopt English law or French?"\
\
"You know I don't care one way or the other."\
\
"Right, you don't even agree with the appeal to divine law."\
\
It was a subtle barb, and one that did not get through Ephraim's skin. "I learned all about God I needed in seminary. Look, I need a place to stay for while."\
\
"Why not Philadelphia? You had a place there. You had one in New York before that. New Haven was your home for a time before that. I don't think you have a home here."\
\
"I'm not looking for a home. Just a place to stay while I find a home. I don't think these crossroads are where I will end up. Although, I did not see a smith."\
\
Jeffry clinched his jaw. "There is a smith, and he barely makes ends meet. Getty's tavern brings most of his work. I don't think another smith is what this place needs."\
\
"I don't think this place could handle two Biggs, either."\
\
Jeffry smirked, "it's Bigg enough with one. Don't be coy."\
\
Ephraim feigned innocence. It was an old joke.\
\
"Why are you really here?"\
\
Ephraim finished his rum. "I just need to get away from Philadelphia, that's all."\
\
Jeffry glared at him, just like their father used to. "I will let you stay a few days. After that, you should continue down Wagon Road."\
\
<!-- TODO: Complete Scene one\
This scene is not over. Need to show him milling the town and bristling at the troops passing through at the Widow's tavern. Needs to establish he is a tinkerer by repairing the toy. -->\
\
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.}