{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Strand
\f1\b0  is an alternate history (low-fantasy) series diverging in the 18th Century when British North America undergoes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Merovex/strand-series/blob/master/series-bible/AA-Appendix/Tropes/GivingRadioToTheRomans.md"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 technologic acceleration}} caused by discovered lost technology. The British believe the technology to come from ancient aliens they named the \'93Toltec\'94 or \'93Forefathers\'94 after the native mounds where the technology was discovered; there are no aliens in the series. Access to advanced technology early set the British on a path to global dominance unabated in the 20th Century.\
In the 18th Century, Toltec discoveries led to advanced weapons (automatic rifles). In the 19th Century, Toltec Neutrinovoltaic technology accelerated the industrial era. By the early 20th Century, Brits were in space and leveraging Toltec technology for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Merovex/strand-series/blob/master/series-bible/08-Science-Cosmology/slipstream.md"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Slipstream}} (faster-than-light) travel. Traveling the Slipsteam reveals \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Merovex/strand-series/blob/master/series-bible/04-Locations/Elysion/00-elysion.md"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Elysion}},\'94 an inhabited earth-like planet two knots from Earth. Afraid this was the alien homeworld, the British set up on an abandoned Toltec orbital to observe Elysion, which led to Elysian anthropology.\
Elysion inhabitants are humans genetically identical to Earth. Albert encounters the Hela, a dark-skinned, Indo-European-appearing ethnicity speaking what Albert determines is an older Germanic (Icelandic) language. The Hela, technologically in the Renaissance, are in the early stages of a civil war, with a rival branch of the ruling family seeking to gain power.\

\f0\b Organization.
\f1\b0  This section is organized by major topic. The changes in timeline is key to the series, so it stands alone as a separate section. Each season has its own mix of organizations and locations, so those portions are grouped by season.}