{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CrimsonText-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 ---\
name: Elysion System\
summary: Elysion is a binary system (G2V, KV5). Third planet around Elysion Junior is Elysion, the focal planet for the system.\
type: location\
---\
\\newpage\{\}\
### Elysion System\
\
Elysol is a binary system comprising Elysol Senior (G2V, primary) and Elysol Junior (KV5, companion). They orbit one another with a periodicity of roughly 79 solar years, where Senior's circular diameter to viewers on Elysion from 1' to 3' wide in the sky. Junior appears 5% closer than the Sun from the Earth. See the TV Tropes article on planets.[^tv-trope-planets]\
\
[^tv-trope-planets]: TV Trope. Useful Notes/Planets. https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/Planets. Accessed February 20, 2020.\
\
Table: Elysion Binary Star Details\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------\
                       Senior        Junior\
-------------------  ------------  ----------------------------\
Type                   G2V           K1V\
\
Temperature            5790K         5260K\
\
Luminosity (solar)     1.5L          0.5L\
\
Mass (solar)           1.1M          0.9M\
\
Diameter (AU)          0.011         0.008\
                                     (17x <sub>Jovian</sub>)\
\
HR (AU)[^hz]           0.0--1.44     0.67--0.97\
--------------------------------------------------------------\
\
<!-- 0.00046732617 -->\
\
[^hz]: Tobias M\'fcller. _Habitable Zones in Multiple Star Systems_. http://astro.twam.info/hz/. Accessed February 21, 2020. Tobias W.A. M\'fcller, Nader Haghighipour. _Calculating the Habitable Zones of Multiple Star Systems with a New Interactive Web Site_. https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/0004-637X/782/1/26/pdf. 2014. Accessed February 21, 2020.\
\
Table: Elysion Senior Orbits\
\
| # | Name | Distance | Type |\
| --- | --- | --- | --- |\
| 0 | Elysol Senior  | 0 | G2V Star |\
| 1 | x | 0.3<sub>AU</sub> | ?? |\
| 2 | x | 0.6<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 3 | X | 0.9<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 4 | X | 1.5<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 5 | -- empty -- | 2.7<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 6 | -- empty -- | 5.1<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 7 | Elysol Junior | 9.9<sub>AU</sub>  | K5V Star  |   |\
\
#### Elysion\
\
Earth first became aware of Elysion via Toltec documentation. Three years before Season One, the Brits made their first successful jump through the Slipstream to Elysol and then to the Elysion Orbital.\
\
Table: Elysion Junior Orbits\
\
| # | Name | Distance | Type |\
| --- | --- | --- | --- |\
| 0 | Elysion Junior  | 0 | K5V Star |\
| 1 | x | 0.4<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 2 | Elysion | 0.6<sub>AU</sub>  | Goldilocks |\
| 3 | X | 1.4<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
| 4 | x | 2.6<sub>AU</sub>  |   |\
}