{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.\
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sl264\slmult1\sb240\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0 Story: Ephraim killed a British officer and was found guilty, only to escape and flee to the edge of society seeking refuge with his brother. Jeffry refuses, but also gives him lead time to flee into the wilderness, where Ephraim is pursued by Indians and falls into the Temple. With advanced weapons in hand, he tries to get them to Sons of Liberty, only to be captured by Mortimer. When Pontiac's Rebellion is known, he relents to his brother's pressure to surrender the location of the temple (and take Mortimer & militia there) to get more weapons to lift the seige of Ft. Pitt. In compensation, Mortimer lets Ephraim free by agreeing to say he was killed in the fighting. Ephraim decides to go to South Carolina under an assumed name, but murders & robs Solomon Sharpe first.
\f1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}