{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Artificial Gravity & Comfort Criteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 This section written by Theodore W. Hall.
\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  Theodore Hall. 
\f3\i SpinCalc
\f2\i0 . https://www.artificial-gravity.com/sw/SpinCalc/#aboutAccessed February 21, 2020.
\f1 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\fs20  This information would normally be captured in my research. Lightly edited, his narration on the topic was hard to\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Artificial gravity is the inertial reaction to the centripetal acceleration that acts on a body in circular motion. Artificial-gravity environments are often characterized in terms of four parameters:\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	
\f4\b Radius
\f2\b0  from the center of rotation.\
\'95	
\f4\b Angular Velocity
\f2\b0  or \'93spin rate.\'94\
\'95	
\f4\b Tangential Velocity
\f2\b0  or \'93rim speed.\'94\
\'95	
\f4\b Centripetal Acceleration
\f2\b0  or \'93gravity level.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In orbital habitat design decisions are between artificial gravity and microgravity. Earth gravity is not relevant. Half of all astronauts endure \'93space adaptation syndrome\'94 that lasts from one to three days when they enter microgravity.
\f1\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  Connors, Mary M.; Harrison, Albert A.; Akins, Faren R. Living Aloft: Human Requirements for Extended Spaceflight (NASA SP-483, p.\'a035-51). NASA Scientific and Technical Information Branch. Merz, Beverly (1986 October 17). 
\f3\i The Body Pays a Penalty for Defying the Law of Gravity
\f2\i0 . In, Journal of the American Medical Association (vol.\'a0256, no. 15, p.\'a02040-2041). American Medical Association.
\f1 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22  A similar period of adaptation to artificial gravity seems reasonable, considering the substantial health benefits that it offers versus prolonged weightlessness. It may not be necessary to provide immediate perfect \'93comfort\'94 in artificial gravity, especially in small exploration-class vehicles with select crew. Deliberate architectural design for the unusual conditions of artificial gravity ought to aid adaptation and improve the habitability of the environment.
\f1\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  Hall, Theodore W. (2006). Artificial Gravity Visualization, Empathy, and Design (AIAA 2006-7321). 2nd International Space Architecture Symposium (SAS 2006), AIAA Space 2006 Conference & Exposition, San Jose, California, USA, 19-21 September 2006. American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
\f1 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22 \
Comfort indicators are based on the following criteria:\

\f4\b Radius
\f2\b0  Because centripetal acceleration \'96 the nominal artificial gravity \'96 is directly proportional to radius, inhabitants will experience a head-to-foot \'93gravity gradient\'94. To minimize the gradient, maximize the radius.\

\f4\b Angular Velocity
\f2\b0  The cross-coupling of normal head rotations with the habitat rotation can lead to dizziness and motion sickness. To minimize this cross-coupling, minimize the habitat\'92s angular velocity.}