{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \

\b Saturday November 20, N.S 1763.
\b0  Ephraim wiped his brow. The long day\'92s work had taken its toll. Not as much as it had the first few weeks, but enough to assure him he would sleep well tonight. He grinded from apprentice into journeyman at his father\'92s smithy from the age of seven to seventeen. He knew his way around the shop. Had he kept at it, he would have become a master by 21.\
It was grueling work, and his father wanted him to follow Jeffry\'92s lead and become an attorney. This despite Jeffry\'92s insistence that he study in Philadelphia, hoping to enter into Dr. Franklin\'92s society.\
The last think Ephraim wanted was apprentice to an attorney. He refused. For years his father continued the pressure for Ephraim to not become a smith. All the while, he toiled at the forge. Years of persistance paid off. Ephraim agreed to enter the ministry. It took a few years to prepare, but by seventeen he was admitted to Yale College. Over the past three years, he filled his mind with divinity, and his muscles weakened.\
O\'92brien daily reminded Ephraim why he should have stayed at Yale. Not that he could under the circumstances. He would not be welcome in Connecticut ever again. He put that out of his mind and finished cleaning the shop. The sun was nearly set and he had not finished. It had been this way for weeks. He only got rest on Sundays, and spent most of his time then asleep. O\'92brien was getting the most out of the bargain that he could. Ephraim\'92s income was limited to sleeping in the loft and foot from O\'92brien\'92s table.\
Taking a short break Ephraim looked out to the road that led back to Shippensburg. He saw a man walking, followed by a beautiful black horse on its tether. The horse limped on its front left leg. Ephraim sighed. It would be nightfall before he finished.\
\
He walked toward the man, shortening the distance. \'93Your horse. Bit of a limp?\'94 His voice strained to speak though a dry mouth.\
\'93I rode him across a stream a couple miles back. He slipped, and he\'92s been limping since.\'94 The man was curt, his accent clearly English.\
Ephraim took the lead and led the horse toward the shop\'92s lamp. Inspecting, he saw a piece of stone caught in the hoof. He patted the horse gently as he set the leg back. He picked a pair of pliers off the workbench. He returned to the horse and lifted the leg. The horse started to shuffle. \'93He\'92s worried. Calm him?\'94\
The stranger moved up to the horse\'92s head and stroked him. The horse settled. Ephraim grabbed the stone with the pliers and gently pulled. The stone was wedged in worse than it looked. He shifted and braced the leg more firmly and tried with more muscle. After a couple minutes, the stone came out.\
Ephraim looked at the stone. It was flat and narrow, the sort of shale that everything seemed to be made out of. He held it up to the rider. \'93Pretty big piece. He\'92s a tough one to walk as far as he did.\'94 He dropped the stone and inspected the hoof. There was only slight damage.\
\'93Whoever shoed your horse did a fine job. If you can manage to stay off of him for a few days, he should be fine. If you have to ride him, take it easy. Maybe wade across with him if you have to cross another stream?\'94\
The rider pursed his lips. \'93Sure. How much?\'94\
Ephraim shook his head. \'93No charge.\'94\
\'93Is there somewhere I can rest?\'94\
\'93There\'92s an old tavern a bit that way. Most people seem to pass here from Shippensburg and go to Getty\'92s ford and stay there.\'94\
\'93How far is that?\'94\
Ephraim shrugged. He turned to O\'92brien. \'93How far to Getty\'92s?\'94\
\
\'93Getty\'92s? Why? That\'92s over the mountain.\'94\
\'93Isn\'92t that where people go from Shippensburg?\'94\
\'93No. Elizabethtown, down in Maryland. That\'92s about another day\'92s ride straight down the road.\'94\
\'93Aren\'92t we in Maryland now?\'94 the rider said.\
\'93Depends on who\'92s asking. The Penns say Pennsylvania. The Calverts say Maryland. Colonel Chambers would prefer we were in Pennsylvania since he holds a land grant from them. That\'92s his.\'94 O\'92brien pointed at the fort.\
The rider studied O\'92brien and Ephraim. \'93It sounds like your Irish, old man. And you\'92re American.\'94\
\'93Yes. From Philadelphia. Any reason?\'94\
The rider shook his head. His voice derisive. \'93I could not imagine anyone working for the Irish. This continent perpetually amazes me.\'94\
O\'92brien closed on the rider. \'93You\'92d better be off to the tavern now.\'94\
Judging from the look of the rider, Ephraim knew if it came to blows between the Irish and English, O\'92brien would triumph. The scene faintly reminded him of New Haven.\
The rider hesitated. \'93Forgive my manners. No offense intended. It has been a long day.\'94\
Ephraim nodded.\
The rider touched his hat the way Ephraim had seen redcoats. The rider took the horse\'92s lead and made for the tavern.\
\'93Damned English. No matter where they go, they think they\'92re the master.\'94\
\'93They are of us, for now.\'94\
\'93Aye. I\'92ve heard that before. Here is farther from England than Cork, but not far enough.\'94\
Ephraim chuckled, agreeing with the sentiment. \'93We\'92ll have to see what happens when this war ends.\'94\
\'93If the last two are any indication, we\'92ll be in another one by 1780. They seem to happen with every new king. You\'92re young enough to see that one. I won\'92t. It would be great to be rid of the English, but I have no fondness for the French, Spanish or Indian.\'94 O\'92brien sighed. His age showed more than Ephraim had noticed before. \'93At least there are a bunch of Germans around us. They seem content to be left alone. And the quakers are only trouble for them, not for me.\'94 He clapped Ephraim on the shoulder. \'93Jeffry lad, you\'92ve done a fine job. You know your way around a shop nearly as well as I.\'94\
\'93Thank you.\'94\
\'93But you know there\'92s not a lot of work for the both of us.\'94\
\'93Telling me to move on?\'94\
\'93Not yet. Weather\'92s getting dank. I\'92ll let you stay on through the season.\'94\
\'93You can stay in the loft, and I\'92ll pay you what I can. That should give you enough to press on into Virginia come.\'94}