{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CrimsonText-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 ##### Sons of Liberty\
\
> The Sons of Liberty was a secret organization that was created in the Thirteen American Colonies to advance the rights of the European colonists and to fight taxation by the British government. It played a major role in most colonies in battling the Stamp Act in 1765.\
\
During the Point of Divergence, calmer heads prevailed, leading to successful redress of the Sons of Liberty grievances. A splinter group remained, led by Sam Adams & John Brown. As part of the settlement, the violent Sons were identified by the Sons' leadership.\
\
During the Discovery season, the Sons are actively hunted by a British organization led by Ephraim Lapham and John Tremain.\
\
Those rebels who were arrested were put on trial, and most were found guilty of insurrection against the Crown---100 in total were convicted. They were punished either by death (if a leader) or transportation to Australia, which had replaced British America as a penal colony after the Reform in America Act of 1771. Public hanging took place in the Parliament House Square (seat of Parliament of North America, formerly the Pennsylvania State House, Independence Hall IRL).\
\
* Rab Silsbey\
* Samuel Gray, James Caldwell, Samuel Maverick, and Patrick Carr\
\
<!--\
* Wikipedia. _[Sons of Liberty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sons_of_Liberty)_. Ref 2019\
* Wikipedia. _[Bloody Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloody_Code)_. Ref 2019.\
-->\
}