{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 IM_FELL_English_Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;}{\*\expandedcolortbl ;;}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0
<$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>\f1\fs48 Prolog
\par\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\f0\fs24\cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>\f2\fs26
\par\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\b\cf0 Sunday, May 1, 1763.\b0  Rays from the pre-dawn sun filtered through the upper branches. {\field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://74C64818-C256-4FB3-93ED-E7F5DBFE792F"}}{\fldrslt Kariwase}} scanned the perimeter of the clearing. He and his fellow Shawnee smelled the smoke a few miles downwind. Over the past hour, they quietly positioned themselves around the campsite. The white trappers chose a site flanked on three sides by hills and on a fourth by the river. Kariwase thanked the Great Spirit they chose poorly.
\par Satisfied his warriors were in place, he stood. He walked down the incline and into the camp. The six trappers were asleep about their now extinguished camp fire. Their haul sat in a two piles: pelts in one, carcasses in another. Flies had already started returning the beavers to nature. Kariwase took no notice of this, it was little different in their camps. Over the smell of rotting meat, he knew could smell the stench of the English.
\par He kicked one in the head, hard enough to wake him. The stomach would have been softer, but not as rewarding. He held his war mace behind his arm, hiding it from the trappers.
\par \ldblquote Ow! Amos!\rdblquote  The trapper\rquote s voice trailed off when he looked at who kicked him. The trapper looked about, not seeing the other indians.
\par \ldblquote What are you doing here?\rdblquote  Kariwase said.
\par \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote  The trapper responded in French, far louder than necessary.
\par Kariwase switched to French. \ldblquote What are you doing here? Do you understand that?\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  Again, louder than necessary. One of the nearby trappers stirred, slowly at first, then suddenly when he realized what was going on.
\par \ldblquote So answer me.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote What does it look like? We are Quebecois trapping beaver.\rdblquote 
\par Kariwase tutted. \ldblquote I know the Quebecois trappers in this area.\rdblquote 
\par The trapper interrupted \ldblquote We\rquote re new.\rdblquote 
\par \ldblquote And I know the accent. French is not your mother tongue. You are English.\rdblquote 
\par The other trapper kicked the legs of the man next to him. His stare at Kariwase failed to mask its hostility.
\par \ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  yelped the other. The other trappers all roused.
\par \ldblquote We are not English,\rdblquote  the first trapper said.
\par \ldblquote You are not French, or Quebecois. Based on your accent, I would say Virginians.\rdblquote  Using his left hand, Kariwase pointed toward a few of his warriors on the opposing rise. The warriors raised and lowered their flintlocks. \ldblquote We killed many Virginians.\rdblquote 
\par The trapper switched to English. \ldblquote Bloody fine. Then you will know you are on English, and therefore Virginian soil.\rdblquote 
\par Kariwase let the statement feed his anger. He chose instead to play with his victims. \ldblquote This was my land long before it was yours.\rdblquote 
\par The trapper stood and spat. \ldblquote Good luck keeping it.\rdblquote 
\par Without signaling his move, he swung the concealed war mace. He drove with his hips, putting all the power he could into the swing. The mace head connected with a satisfying thud. The trapper toppled, falling in the swing's direction and toward the extinguished camp fire. The skull revealed the divot from the impact.
\par The other awake trappers recoiled in shock.
\par Other warriors whooped and joined in the fray. They used the butts of their flintlocks to bash the skulls of the other trappers, not discriminating whether the trappers were awake, semi-awake or asleep.
\par Kariwase looked on approvingly. Two of the warriors had just come of age. He thought spilling English blood was a good initiation. Rather than motion them to stop, he let them spend their energy on the corpses. It was over in a few minutes.
\par The carnage over, he smiled. He remembered the story of how the last war started. \i Tanacharison washed his hands with a Frenchman\rquote s brains.\i0  Kariwase dropped his mace and drew his tomahawk. He hacked the Englishman\rquote s skull open and repeated the ritual. His fellow warriors smiled approvingly.
\par\i They know the story. Good. Soon, we will start a new war that will drive the English out of our homeland.\i0
\par Kariwase and his band looted the corpses for anything useful. He distributed the beaver pelts to those who took part in the ambush. The two who held back went empty-handed. They would not hold back again.
\par}