{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1783-1815: French Troubles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 IRL: At the end of the Seven Years\'92 War, England\'92s strategy in the Treaty of Paris (1763) sought to deter France from start a fifth war. France, however, sought to use the treaty to give them time to rebuild and rearm. French diplomats believed that without France to keep the Americans in check, the colonists might attempt to revolt. The American Revolution was that much-desired revolt.
\fs24 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f2  Wikipedia. 
\f3\i Treaty of Paris (1763)
\f2\i0 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Paris_(1763)
\f1 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f2\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The negotiations between British North America and England and discovery of Toltec Technology blunted the American desire to revolt.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	1783-1815 - French economy collapses due to Seven Year\'92s War debt and speculation and takes the government with it. The French Revolution is a decade early, ends the same but with American participation in Europe.\
\'95	1802-1815 - War between France and most of Europe. Ended by British & American deployment of Toltec weaponry\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The French economy struggles under reparations required in the Treaty of Paris (1763). The government gets caught up in various schemes to pay the debt that results in a popular uprising in 1783.\
Napoleon is involved as a republican during the early stages of the struggle, and gains power as expected. England takes control of New Orleans when Napoleon moves on Spain, and keeps it. Napoleon sends troops in 1801, triggering the war between England and France & Spain (the latter as a vassal to France).\
This \'93Napoleonic War\'94 is ended by British & American deployment of Toltec weaponry in 1815. Napoleon is executed and a new French king is placed on the throne. This ends the French Troubles.\
The Louisiana Territory is kept by England as compensation for the war, and to further safeguard English interest and control over Toltec artifacts.}