{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 IM_FELL_English_Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 PlayBook;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs48 Author\'92s Note\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs26 \

\b TBD, 2020
\b0 \'a0Thank you for reading through to the end. I originally wrote and released\'a0Bellicose\'a0with no professional editing in 2013. I didn't know if anyone would want to read it. If you've seen the Amazon feedback before 2020, the story was decent but the editing lacking. While I started a revision in 2017, I let life get in the way---a new house, more education, work, family. I even started a new series hoping Bophendze could get some rest. He takes a lot of abuse to go from being a kid to a marine. The other series is an alternate history set in mid-18th Century North America. Let me know if you're interested in reading it?\
\
But, Bophendze and Smee insisted on telling their story. This time I'm coming back with solid editing. I removed Smee's back story. It's now a short story you get when you sign up to the newsletter. I added Pijemio's storyline because a friend said the Navy didn't get fair billing. And, I added a hook for the next Bophendze adventure\'a0Luctation.\
}