{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green90\blue138;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20392\c35294\c54118;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Season One - Discovery / Pearl of Great Price\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs22 Summary.
\f3\b0  During the height of tension between the British North America and England, advanced weaponry is found that thwarts Pontiac\'92s Rebellion and leads to a crisis in England & France. T:: Through the season, we learn how to reverse-engineer the weaponry, leading to a significant power shift in Europe. E:: France connives to calve America from England, but D:: England & America work to establish home rule for America. C:: The pressure heats up and open revolt and warfare occur between England & France and America puts down a rebellion in its new homeland. 
\f4 Need to account for the indians
\f3 \
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Jeffrey Boydell\
\'95	Warren Sexey\
\'95	Brock Walston\
\'95	Barrett Waltham\
\'95	Chester O\'92brein\
\'95	David Rakestrow\
\'95	Mortimer Reece\
\'95	Dorian Mabbott\
\'95	Solomon Sharpe\
\'95	Adair Winsland\
\'95	Rueben Courtney\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Rebel faction / Biggs\
\'95	Iroquois faction / Native Leader\
\'95	English faction / Bounty-Hunter\
\'95	Mosopelea river (Ohio?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://history.stackexchange.com/questions/33596/how-long-would-it-take-to-travel-from-england-to-the-colonies-in-the-early-1700s"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 US-UK Boat Travel, 6-8 weeks}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf3 <$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs32 Synopsis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\b\fs22 0101\'97Fort Discovery.
\f3\b0   Ephraim George BIGGS is a rebel Son of Liberty on the run from HIM a UK bounty-hunter MORTIMER REECE. Biggs fled into the Ohio to escape hanging when he, now also pursued by the IROQUOIS, falls into a TOLTEC Mound and discovers ADVANCED WEAPONRY. He smuggles some weapons back and contacts rebels in Philadelphia only to be betrayed by a mole SOLOMON SHARPE. He is bound for the noose when Pontiac\'92s Rebellion [@PontiacWar2020] induces him to surrender the mound\'92s location. The militia lifts the siege of Fort Pitt using the advanced weapons; news of which hits the Courts of Europe by storm.\

\f2\b 0102\'97Pearl of Great Price.
\f3\b0   C:: England dispatches troops to secure the Temple, agitating Indians and Colonists alike. E:: while the French try to find its location by subterfuge; fanning the flame of Indian & American independence. D:: Whigs secretly meet with Ben Franklin to find a way forward. T:: Wireless communication established between London & Philadelphia\'85both for England & America, unbeknownst to one another.\

\f2\b 0103\'97Harper\'92s Ferry.
\f3\b0   D:: Parliament is distressed, seeking to preserve the Pearl & all Price, and wrestle over the implications of home rule while influential colonists excited. \'93How long until they rule us?\'94 C:: A skirmish near the temple leads to significant material being hauled to HARPER\'92S FERRY. E:: France learns of the temple\'92s location, wonders if there are others; English spies establishes wireless in Paris.\

\f2\b 0104\'97Title.
\f3\b0   T:: The rifle is reverse-engineered at Harper\'92s Ferry so it can be reproduced, challenges with the bullets being cheaper knockoffs, fouling the weapon, etc. Negotiations are tense with the old-think dying hard. E:: Sons of Liberty start meeting with French agents, who learn of Harper\'92s Ferry. D:: negotiations struggle until King George personally intervenes, leading to agreement to home rule, but they still need to negotiate terms.\

\f2\b 0105\'97Title.
\f3\b0   T:: Accidental discovery of Nitrocellose[@Nitrocellulose2020] as per real-timeline but tended to blow the barrels of the knockoffs but not the originals. E:: French spy caught trying to infiltrate Harper\'92s Ferry. C:: Leading to activation of the British Navy and sporadic engagements in the Atlantic proving British supremacy. D:: George has to come to terms with his German holdings?\

\f2\b 0106\'97Title.
\f3\b0   C:: Home rule announced to, leading to riots, etc. leading to martial law, etc., enforced by colonial governments against the Sons of Liberty. E:: Discovery of French agents fomenting rebellion. D:: France threatened to put-up or shut-up.\

\f2\b 0107\'97Title.
\f3\b0   T:: Discovery of effective smokeless powder using saltpeter in guncotton[@SmokelessPowder2020]. C:: Combat between England & France in Caribbean resulting in English capture of French colonies. E:: English spies make contact with frustrate French officers.\

\f2\b 0108\'97Title.
\f3\b0   C:: American Rebellion ends with some executions and some pardons. D:: England & France negotiate a truce, with E:: Continental Europe alarmed. French government falls due to bankruptcy.}