{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Kh\uc0\u275 mi Origins & History\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 Our Timeline.
\f2\b0  In our timeline, The Toltec culture is an ancient culture that dominated a state centered in Mexico in the early post-classic period of Mesoamerican chronology. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toltec_Mounds_Archeological_State_Park"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Toltec Mounds Archeological State Park}}, is an archaeological site from the Late Woodland period in Arkansas that protects an 18-mound complex with the tallest surviving prehistoric mounds in Arkansas. The identification of the site with the Toltec of Mexico was a 19th-century mistake. Mrs.\'a0Gilbert Knapp, owner of the land from 1857 to 1900, thought the Toltecs had built the mounds.\

\f1\b Strand Timeline.
\f2\b0  The Toltec Mounds are found throughout the Mississippi river valley (the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hopewell_tradition#Ohio_Hopewell_culture"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ohio Hopewell region}}). These are likewise confused with the Toltecs by an Englishman who fancied himself an adept at native cultures. He persuaded enough people that he was right until the name stuck until the period of Babylonian Captivity (1826-40). There is no relationship between the Toltecs and the advanced technology discovered at the Toltec Mound.\

\f1\b Real name.
\f2\b0  Once the Brits were able to read the \'93Toltec\'94 language, they learned the people called themselves the Kh\uc0\u275 m\'eda (adj. Kh\u275 mi).}