{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CrimsonText-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 ##### Government of British America\
\
In 1754, Benjamin Franklin proposed what became known as the Albany Plan[^albany-plan]. This plan proposed a Grand Council which essentially gave British North America home rule. While the plan was rejected, it was the basis of the negotiated reconciliation between British North America and Britain. These privileges were not extended to the British West Indies, leading to some friction with the Indies that was mitigated by the Indies planters establishing residences in Carolina.[^OTL-Albany Plan]\
\
[^OTL-Albany Plan]: OTL: Benjamin Franklin proposed the plan at the Albany Congress at the age of 46. The plan was rejected both by the colonies and Parliament. Elements of this Plan recurred during the Continental Congress.\
\
The **Council of British North America** represented the split interests of the former colonies, Crown and Parliament. It was bicameral, with the House of Representatives comprising provincial delegates appointed by the provincial assemblies. As with the Albany Plan, each province was given between two and seven seats based upon the _proportional amount of revenue_ they provided to the Commonwealth. House of Ministers represented a smaller body of ministers appointed by Parliament to consult on legislation from the House of Representatives, with one minister appointed per province. The Council (also known as the Grand Council) managed local affairs between the provinces and local Indian tribes. Parliament retained right of refusal provided they acted within three years of the legislation.\
\
Internal provincial legislation is managed via **Provincial Assemblies**. Each Assembly was bicameral, with the House of Lords appointing the Council of State and province landowners electing members of the Council of Commons. The Crown appoints a Lieutenant Governor as executive to each Province, as well as the Governor of British America. Each provincial government appoints 9 seats to the British Parliament, for a total of 54 seats in the Commons. Compare this with the 45 seats given to Scotland in 1707.\
\
The result of this governmental structure is that the legislatures are dominated by local oligarchies. These oligarchs jealously defend their power, thus quieting the American Troubles, and largely followed the Lords' suggestions.\
\
- []: Document **American Troubles**\
\
[^albany-plan]: Wikipedia. _[Albany Plan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albany_Plan)_. Accessed April 4, 2020. See also, Yale. _[Albany Plan of Union](https://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/albany.asp)_. Accessed April 4, 2020.\
\
The British America Act of 1771 restructured British America (the continent) into six provinces: Canada, New England, Pennsylvania (includes IRL New York), Virginia, Carolina, and Georgia. This led to six Provincial Assemblies. This led to a significant amount of internal tension within all but Georgia.\
\
<!-- * Wikipedia. _[Parliament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parliament_of_Great_Britain)_. Ref 2019.\
 -->\
}