{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Henry Strand\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 Overview.
\f2\b0  Bubba is a (DESCRIPTIVE PHRASE). For him, life is a (WORLDVIEW). Others say he is best known for (ACCOMPLISHMENT). When people first meet him, they notice his (PHYSICAL TRAITS AND PERSONALITY), then they notice that (TRAITS THAT ADD OR CONTRADICTs DOMINANT TRAITS). Because of (TRAGEDY), he needs to prove that (LIE). He fears that (FEAR) and will (FLAW / COMPETING) to prevent it.\
Henry Strand (1760-1844) is the brother of David Strand. He attended Yale College after his brother then read law at Litchfield Law School. He moved to Meadville, Crawford County, PA where he set up a law practice. He invested in iron furnaces there and started a local paper. When his brother arrived a few years later, he set him up as foreman for the furnances, unaware of the Bigelow murder. When Hale & Montresor arrive, he grows suspicious, but he helps his brother escape. He then undermines the investigation leaving Hale & Montresor frustrated and deciding to go home.\
This is a test of transcription using max default. This is about Henry strand. Capitalize strand. this is a test of transcription using the built-in transcription and the microphone in the LG. this is a test of transcription using the built-in transcription and the microphone in the LG.\

\f1\b James Maitland
\f2\b0  Characer name (Stewart\'92s middle name is Maitland)\

\f1\b Summary.
\f2\b0  One-sentence summary of series from character\'92s perspective. One-paragraph expansion in ~8 sentences.       \

\f1\b Physical.
\f2\b0       \

\f1\b Emotional.
\f2\b0  Bubba would say he is a [adjective] [noun]      \

\f1\b Personality.
\f2\b0            \

\f1\b Tragedy.
\f2\b0   One-paragraph summary of Bubba\'92s personal tragedy that fuels his Fear, Lie, Wound, Flaw and Desire.}