{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 British North America Act of 1771\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 British North America sought representation in Parliament. The government agreed, providing the colonies restructured. This act transformed the continental colonies to six self-regulated provinces: Canada, New England (some called Camelot), Pennsylvania (includes IRL New York), Virginia (includes Maryland & Delaware), Carolina, & Georgia. This act further gave those provincial governments representation in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Charlotina province is added in 1803, encompassing IRL Northwest Territory United States. Parliament calculated this reorganization of the colonies into provinces would create internal tension that would allow England to retain control.\
This created frustration among the joined colonies (NY, Maryland, Delaware, Rhode Island & Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New Hampshire), especially RI&PP as they sought to be more tolerant religiously than Massachusetts. This is an example of Parliament\'92s intentional friction within the provinces.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albany_Congress\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stamp_Act_Congress\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sugar_Act\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currency_Act\
\'95	Whaples, Robert (March 1995). \'93Where Is There Consensus Among American Economic Historians? The Results of a Survey on Forty Propositions\'94. The Journal of Economic History. 55 (1): 139\'96154. doi:10.1017/S0022050700040602. JSTOR 2123771.}