{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Episode 1 Discovery\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs22 Tagline.
\f3\b0  A Son of Liberty discovers advanced weaponry while fleeing British authorities. Will this change everything?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Episode 1 Characters\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Ephraim George Biggs
\f3\b0  is a blacksmith and an extremist Son of Liberty who wants nothing more than American independence. His goal is to use the weapons he finds to purge America of British control, but is confronted with needing them to thwart Pontiac\'92s Rebellion. He realizes protecting society is more important than his view of what that society should be.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Ephraim killed a British officer and was found guilty, only to escape and flee to the edge of society seeking refuge with his brother. Jeffry refuses, but also gives him lead time to flee into the wilderness, where Ephraim is pursued by Indians and falls into the Temple. With advanced weapons in hand, he tries to get them to Sons of Liberty, only to be captured by Mortimer. When Pontiac\'92s Rebellion is known, he relents to his brother\'92s pressure to surrender the location of the temple (and take Mortimer & militia there) to get more weapons to lift the seige of Ft. Pitt. In compensation, Mortimer lets Ephraim free by agreeing to say he was killed in the fighting. Ephraim decides to go to South Carolina under an assumed name, but murders & robs Solomon Sharpe first.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Jeffry Biggs
\f3\b0  is Ephraim\'92s Loyalist brother, who only wants to grow his legal business by moving to the edge of society. His goal is to be left alone and stay neutral, but is confronted with his brother\'92s need for help. He realizes that he can be involved without taking sides, if only to save his brother.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Jeff is a small-town lawyer who prefers the outskirts of society where there is less competition. His brother shows up on the run and he grudgingly helps not fully aware of the crime. When Mortimer seeks to find Ephraim he choses to remain mute. When Ephraim is captured, Jeffry goes to defend him only to realize the trial was unfairly rigged (maybe Ephraim did not kill the officer?) and that all that remains is for Ephraim to be hanged. When Pontiac\'92s siege of Ft. Pitt is known, he persuades Ephraim to surrender the weapons to the authorities on promise of clemency.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Mortimer Reece
\f3\b0  is a bounty-hunter who only wants to serve his country. His goal is to capture Ephraim Biggs and bring him to justice for an alleged murder and treason. He is confronted with Biggs\'92 discovery of advanced weapons and Pontiac\'92s Rebellion, and realizes that these advanced weapons are a godsend for the British.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Mortimer is a bounty-hunter called to retrieve the fugitive Ephraim Biggs. He tracks Biggs to TOWN where the trail goes cold after Jeffry\'92s refusal to help. The trail picks up again when he hears from a Solomon that Biggs is in Philadelphia. He captures Biggs and gets into a squabble with Jeffry over Ephraim\'92s (lack of) trial. When they hear of Pontiac\'92s War, he agrees to lobby for Ephraim\'92s freedom in exchange for the weapons (a ruse by the authorities that Mortimer detects), then the two join forces to lift the siege of Ft. Pitt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Warren Boydell
\f3\b0  is a government customs agent and coordinator of British espionage in Philadelphia. He wants wealth and prestige for serving King & Country. His goal in the story is to coordinate the apprehension of Ephraim Biggs and quiet the Sons of Liberty. He is confronted by the fantastic weaponry and realizes this is his path to prestige.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Warren Boydell is a government customs agent and coordinator of British espionage in Philadelphia. He sets Mortimer on his task (officer slept with Mrs.\'a0Boydell) and is frustrated when Mortimer turns up empty-handed. He hears from his mole that Ephraim is in Philadelphia, and gets word to Mortimer to come get him (he holds back part of the reward to each man). He is amazed by the new weaponry and lantern, and sends them to London, which triggers the series.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Solomon Sharpe
\f3\b0  is a printer assistant and mole within the Sons of Liberty in Philadelphia. He wants to earn enough money to go into business for himself somewhere away from Ben Franklin. His goal is to collect the reward for turning in a known fugitive who is talking about fantastic weapons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Solomon Sharpe is works for a printer in Philadelphia and wants money to set up his own press. He finds out about Biggs\'92 reward and collects his \'9330 pieces of silver\'94 by ratting him out. He is later confronted by Ephraim who kills him in his home and takes the reward.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 David Strand
\f3\b0  is an average citizen, tinkerer and blacksmith. He wants to be known for something. His goal is to serve as militiaman to lift the siege of Fort Pitt during Potomac\'92s Rebellion. He is confronted with the complexity of the new weapon and realizes that helping reverse engineer them is his way to notoriety.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Strand is a minor blacksmith who tinkers with various inventions. As part of the militia, he is called up to go lift the siege of Ft. Pitt. Given the fantastic rifle, he realizes this is his chance to become famous. He fights more like a sniper and is shocked by the loss of life. After the fighting, he persuades Boydell to let him and his brother Henry try to reverse-engineer the weapon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Kariwase
\f3\b0  is a lead Iroquois (Haudenosaunee) warrior among the Iroquois. [@IroquoisMaleNames] He wants nothing more than to purge his homeland of white settlers. His goal in the story is to pave the way for Pontiac\'92s siege of Fort Pitt by hunting solitary white \'93spies.\'94 He is confronted by Biggs\'92 access to weaponry, and realizes that those advanced weapons could spell the doom for the Iroquois nation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Kariwase hunts white hunters who find themselves in Iroquois territory as part of the preliminary action of Pontiac\'92s Rebellion. He prologs the series by killing a white savagely, eating brains per the start of the French & Indian War. He later hunts Biggs who evades him by falling into a pit. He leaves a small team to ensure Biggs doesn\'92t escape, and is later enraged that they were killed by Biggs. He engages in counter-counter siege operations in a skirmish with the advanced-armed militia and is wounded & beaten off.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Okwaho
\f3\b0  is Kariwase\'92s lieutenant, fiercely loyal. He wants to help Kariwase become a chief one day so as lieutenant he can enjoy the spoils. His goal in the story is to keep Kariwase safe, and is confronted when Kariwase wants to raid the large settlement to get the weapons? His epiphany is Kariwase\'92s future value as a leader is in coping with the power shift brought on by the new weapons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Story: Okwaho joins Kariwase in the hunt for white spies, but is less enthusiastic; his loyalty and desire for higher status help him turn a blind eye. He worries Pontiac\'92s war will turn white will against the Iroquois while their French allies are losing. He dutifully follows Kariwise. During the siege, he sacrifices his life to allow a wounded Kariwase to disappear into the woods.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs22 \cf0 Ephraim George BIGGS is a rebel Son of Liberty on the run from HIM a UK bounty-hunter MORTIMER REECE. Biggs fled into the Ohio to escape hanging when he, now also pursued by the IROQUOIS, falls into a TOLTEC Mound and discovers ADVANCED WEAPONRY. He smuggles some weapons back and contacts rebels in Philadelphia only to be betrayed by a mole SOLOMON SHARPE. He is bound for the noose when Pontiac\'92s Rebellion [@PontiacWar2020] induces him to surrender the mound\'92s location. The militia lifts the siege of Fort Pitt using the advanced weapons; news of which hits the Courts of Europe by storm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Synopsis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Prolog:
\f3\b0  The Iroquois under KARIWASE capture & kill a trapper asleep in his camp, announcing the global threat.\

\f2\b Act 1 / Chapter 1.
\f3\b0  Ephraim George BIGGS is a rebel Son of Liberty on the run from HIM a UK bounty-hunter MORTIMER REECE. He shows up at his brother\'92s house in the rain looking for refuge, but his brother (ever the lawyer) finds out why and sends him away (he repairs Jeffry\'92s son\'92s toy, showing him as a tinkerer).\
Ephriam goes to another town and gets hired as a smith who comments on his breeding, hands, and disrespect for civil authority. \'93I\'92m not fond of the color red.\'94 Meanwhile, Reece shows up at Jeff\'92s house on the trail, but Jeff avoids giving up his brother; but Reece learned that Ephraim was trained as a smith. He has his men comb the countryside looking for towns with new smiths. This leads to Reece finding Ephraim under an assumed name, when a fight breaks out and Ephraim flees into the wilderness. But, Reece pursues, with Ephraim\'92s capture. This leads to Reece finding Ephraim under an assumed name, when a fight breaks out and Ephraim flees into the wilderness. But, Reece pursues, with Ephraim\'92s capture.\

\f2\b Chapter 2.
\f3\b0  The Iroquois under Kariwase pick up on the pursuit and hunt them, resulting in a firefight that lets Ephraim escape (shoeless). The Iroquois under Kariwase pick up on the pursuit and hunt them, resulting in a firefight that lets Ephraim escape (shoeless). Ephraim flees wounded & pursued by the Iroquois, when he falls into the TEMPLE unconscious. Reece and team get split during the fog of war, with a third rejoining with Reece & beating a retreat to civilization. Ephraim flees wounded & pursued by the Iroquois, when he falls into the TEMPLE unconscious. Reece and team get split during the fog of war, with a third rejoining with Reece & beating a retreat to civilization. When Ephraim comes to, he is able to start a small fire for light, letting him find material to dress his wound. He explores the temple and discovers the rifle ala Conan the Barbarian. He experiments with it until he accidentally fires it. His continued exploration leads him to a larger space, an artificial light (the lightening bug), and a trove of weapons and ammunition. Excited by the prospects, Ephraim decides to take a few toys to Philadelphia to the Sons of Liberty. But, he first has to escape the Iroquois party.\

\f2\b Act 2. / Chapter 3.
\f3\b0 \
He finds a way out of the Temple, but the pursuit resumes when he gives away his position. He shoots the hunting party killing the five of them in rapid succession. Rather than run, he loots the bodies for shoes and uses their arrows to conceal the wounds. With a makeshift sled, he pulls out his samples and heads to Philadelphia, but he stops by his place in Smithytown, which alerts Mortimer that he is not dead. Meanwhile, Kariwase discovers the slain warrior party and discovers the ruse, bewildered he tracks Mortimer\'92s sled until he realizes it is leaving their territory. Mortimer, alerted to Ephraim\'92s return confronts the Smithy, but is thwarted somehow, and has his men resume searching neighboring towns while he goes back to Jeffry.\

\f2\b Chapter 4.
\f3\b0  Ephraim arrives in Philadelphia and quietly makes himself known to the Sons. After a meal, he arranges a rural demonstration of the rifles, but SOLOMON SHARPE reports this to WARREN BOYDELL, who sends word to Mortimer. Meanwhile, Kariwase meets with Pontiac and receives instructions related to the brewing war. Mortimer meets with Jeffry and is flustered, accusing him of harboring a fugitive (and of being a coward by not challenging a duel), but when he gets back to his room in the Inn has word from Boydell of Ephraim\'92s location. He hurries back to Philadelphia. In Philadelphia, Boydell traps Ephraim by having Sharpe entertain Ephraim over dinner. Meanwhile, Kariwase is involved in a battle fought before Ft. Pitt Siege.\

\f2\b Act 3.
\f3\b0 \
In a cell (Research jails in Philadelphia circa 1770), Ephraim sends word to Jeffry asking for help. Mortimer arrives in Philadelphia and after meeting with Sharp wants to find out about the weapon. They secure the rifle and test it, with Mortimer having a thumb incident. Ephraim and Mortimer talk about the rifle, and Mortimer tries to get him drunk, only to learn that Ephraim has a high alcohol tolerance. They argue about British authority instead. \'93Your sentence will be carried out.\'94 \'93I\'92ve not been tried yet.\'94 \'93You were in absentia.\'94 Meanwhile, Kariwase involved in another attack somewhere, and we find that he is up-and-coming and very anti-European. Jeffry arrives in Philadelphia and tries to find a way to help his brother; finding out that Mortimer might let Ephraim free if the Temple\'92s location was revealed. But, Ephraim refuses to help the British. Meanwhile, news of Pontiac\'92s raids reach Philadelphia, alerting to the need to take action. LOCAL COMMANDER realizes there are insufficient troops to protect the interior, when Boydell mentions the weapons. This renews pressure to divulge the location, and when confronted about the facts (which he wants to doubt but for Jeffry\'92s fear), Ephraim surrenders the weapon cache\'92s location.\

\f2\b Act 4.
\f3\b0   Ephraim reacts to having given away the best thing for the Revolution when his brother cheers him up (story less). They start training on the weapons they have when they realize they do not have enough (4 rifles) or enough bullets (80). Mortimer heads to Pitt while Ephraim takes a small team to the Temple to get more, including the Strand brothers. He tries to take a route to obfuscate the temple\'92s location. They get to the temple, no sign of trouble, get more weapons and bullets, and head to Pitt. Meanwhile, the Seige at Pitt intensifies. Mortimer and his men get into a fight with Kariwase, who is beaten back by the four rifles. Stunned & wounded, Kariwase heads to Pitt with Mortimer in pursuit. All arrive at Pitt and a fight ensues with two teams with rifles putting the indians into a cross-fire that kills most the indians. There is cleanup afterward and discussion about the rifles. Meanwhile, word gets to Boydell who sends a rifle, case of rounds and a lantern to London. Mortimer and Biggs talk, Biggs agreeing to disappear. Mortimer & Boydell talk about the need to take what they have and break the Iroquois\'92 back, when Johnson arrives to suggest negotiation. \'93How can you beat back an entire nation with 16 rifles and a box of bullets?\'94 Biggs arrives in Charleston, taking up work as a smith. He reviews a drawing what he remembered the rifle looking like. The Strand brothers retrace their steps to the Temple; grab a bunch of tech and head to Philadelphia. The technology reaches London, George \'93this changes everything.\'94}