{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \

\f1\b November 21, N.S 1763.
\f0\b0  Ephraim wiped his brow. The long day's work had taken its toll. Not as much as it had the first few weeks, but enough to assure him he would sleep well tonight. He grinded from apprentice into journeyman at his father's smithy from the age of seven to seventeen. He knew his way around the shop. Had he kept at it, he would have become a master by 21.\
\
It was grueling work, and his father wanted him to follow Jeffry's lead and become an attorney. This despite Jeffry's insistence that he study in Philadelphia, hoping to enter into Dr. Franklin's society.\
\
The last think Ephraim wanted was apprentice to an attorney. He refused. For years his father continued the pressure for Ephraim to not become a smith. All the while, he toiled at the forge. Years of persistance paid off. Ephraim agreed to enter the ministry. It took a few years to prepare, but by seventeen he was admitted to Yale College. Over the past three years, he filled his mind with divinity, and his muscles weakened.\
\
O'brien daily reminded Ephraim why he should have stayed at Yale. Not that he could under the circumstances. He would not be welcome in Connecticut ever again. He put that out of his mind and finished cleaning the shop. The sun was nearly set and he had not finished. It had been this way for weeks. He only got rest on Sundays, and spent most of his time then asleep. O'brien was getting the most out of the bargain that he could. Ephraim's income was limited to sleeping in the loft and foot from O'brien's table.\
\
Taking a short break Ephraim looked out to the road that led back to Shippensburg. He saw a man walking, followed by a beautiful black horse on its tether. The horse limped on its front left leg. Ephraim sighed. It would be nightfall before he finished.\
\
He walked toward the man, shortening the distance. "Your horse. Bit of a limp?" His voice strained to speak though a dry mouth.\
\
"I rode him across a stream a couple miles back. He slipped, and he's been limping since." The man was curt, his accent clearly English.\
\
Ephraim took the lead and led the horse toward the shop's lamp. Inspecting, he saw a piece of stone caught in the hoof. He patted the horse gently as he set the leg back. He picked a pair of pliers off the workbench. He returned to the horse and lifted the leg. The horse started to shuffle. "He's worried. Calm him?"\
\
The stranger moved up to the horse's head and stroked him. The horse settled. Ephraim grabbed the stone with the pliers and gently pulled. The stone was wedged in worse than it looked. He shifted and braced the leg more firmly and tried with more muscle. After a couple minutes, the stone came out.\
\
Ephraim looked at the stone. It was flat and narrow, the sort of shale that everything seemed to be made out of. He held it up to the rider. "Pretty big piece. He's a tough one to walk as far as he did." He dropped the stone and inspected the hoof. There was only slight damage.\
\
"Whoever shoed your horse did a fine job. If you can manage to stay off of him for a few days, he should be fine. If you have to ride him, take it easy. Maybe wade across with him if you have to cross another stream?"\
\
The rider pursed his lips. "Sure. How much?"\
\
Ephraim shook his head. "No charge."\
\
"Is there somewhere I can rest?"\
\
"There's an old tavern a bit that way. Most people seem to pass here from Shippensburg and go to Getty's ford and stay there."\
\
"How far is that?"\
\
Ephraim shrugged. He turned to O'brien. "How far to Getty's?"\
\
"Getty's? Why? That's over the mountain."\
\
"Isn't that where people go from Shippensburg?"\
\
"No. Elizabethtown, down in Maryland. That's about another day's ride straight down the road."\
\
"Aren't we in Maryland now?" the rider said.\
\
"Depends on who's asking. The Penns say we're in Pennsylvania. The Calverts say Maryland. Colonel Chambers would prefer we were in Pennsylvania since he holds a land grant from them. That's his." O'brien pointed at the fort.\
\
The rider studied O'brien and Ephraim. "It sounds like your Irish, old man. And you're American."\
\
"Yes. From Philadelphia. Any reason?"\
\
The rider shook his head. His voice derisive. "I could not imagine anyone working for the Irish. This continent perpetually amazes me."\
\
O'brien closed on the rider. "You'd better be off to the tavern now."\
\
Judging from the look of the rider, Ephraim knew if it came to blows between the Irish and English, O'brien would triumph. The scene faintly reminded him of New Haven.\
\
The rider hesitated. "Forgive my manners. No offense intended. It has been a long day."\
\
Ephraim nodded.\
\
The rider touched his hat the way Ephraim had seen redcoats. The rider took the horse's lead and made for the tavern.\
\
"Damned English. No matter where they go, they think they're the master."\
\
"They are of us, for now."\
\
"Aye. I've heard that before. Here is farther from England than Cork, but not far enough."\
\
Ephraim chuckled, agreeing with the sentiment. "We'll have to see what happens when this war ends."\
\
"If the last two are any indication, we'll be in another one by 1780. They seem to happen with every new king. You're young enough to see that one. I won't. It would be great to be rid of the English, but I have no fondness for the French, Spanish or Indian." O'brien sighed. His age showed more than Ephraim had noticed before. "At least there are a bunch of Germans around us. They seem content to be left alone. And the quakers are only trouble for them, not for me." He clapped Ephraim on the shoulder. "Jeffry lad, you've done a fine job. You know your way around a shop nearly as well as I."\
\
"Thank you."\
\
"But you know there's not a lot of work for the both of us."\
\
"Telling me to move on?"\
\
"Not yet. Weather's getting dank. I'll let you stay on through the season."\
\
"You can stay in the loft, and I'll pay you what I can. That should give you enough to press on into Virginia come."}