{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green90\blue138;\red54\green95\blue145;\red79\green129\blue189;
\red191\green191\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20392\c35294\c54118;\csgenericrgb\c21176\c37255\c56863;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;
\csgray\c79525;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 Strand Handy Book\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs30 The world building guide for the Strand Series\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 Horatio Beech\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 Table of Contents\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000000%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf4 Overview\cf0 	2}}
\f2\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000001%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Setting\cf0 	2}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000002%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Timeline\cf0 	2}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000003%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 1815-1911: Post-Toltec Europe\cf0 	2}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000004%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 1763-1783: Point of Divergence\cf0 	2}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000005%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 1764-1840: The Indian Problem\cf0 	6}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000006%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 27 February 1763 : Discovery of Toltec Technology\cf0 	7}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000007%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 1783-1848: Eradication of African Slavery\cf0 	7}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000008%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 1783-1815: French Troubles\cf0 	8}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000009%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Geography\cf0 	9}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000010%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 People\cf0 	9}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000011%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Civilization\cf0 	9}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000012%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Physics, Science & Technology\cf0 	9}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000013%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 ftl-physics\cf0 	9}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000014%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Neutrino Energy\cf0 	10}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li480\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000015%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Slower-than-Light Travel\cf0 	11}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000016%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Economy\cf0 	12}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\li240\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000017%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Politics\cf0 	12}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000018%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Characters\cf0 	12}}\
\pard\tqr\tx9350\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22_Toc256000019%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 Appendix\cf0 	14}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs32 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\fs22 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs32 Setting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>
\f1\b\fs32 Timeline\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::2>
\f1\b\fs28 1815-1911: Post-Toltec Europe\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 Once the English defeat the French in 1815 with advanced Toltec weapons, the Congress of Vienna is established. This redrew borders as per the standard timeline. Other great powers were concerned over England\'92s technology. Technology espionage starts on the battlefield with some weapons stolen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 1763-1783: Point of Divergence\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 From the Glorious Revolution of 1688 until the end of the Seven Year\'92s War of 1763, a philosophical and political rift occurred both in America and Britain. Americans viewed Locke\'92s Second Treatise of Government as a blueprint for social change. The British viewed it as wasted paper. Benign neglect from the 1720s to 1740s resulted in colonists assuming more control for their affairs; home rule _de jure_. This neglect was shattered during the Seven Year\'92s War, but Americans exploited the crisis with their more sophisticated understanding of politics and emerged from the War debt-free and ready to assert its independence. In England, Parliament weakened the Crown\'92s control over politics and the prerogative system, nearly reducing the Crown to a figurehead. George III subverted that trend by taking control of Parliament in the years between his coronation in 1760 and the end of the War in 1763.\
Saddled with war debt and the need to protect North America, George\'92s Parliament enacted the Sugar Act, which reduced the tax on molasses. Americans rioted and decried this as an intrusion into its home rule. The period known as the American Troubles (1763-67) were pivotal in stabilizing British-American relations and establishing the modern British Commonwealth.\
During the Troubles, Crown and Parliament exploited American internecine jealousies and prejudices to prevent this strain from flaring into mutiny. George recognized the threat to stability and had Parliament invite American colonies to send delegates to negotiate. An agreement similar to the earlier home rule \'93Albany Plan\'94 pitched by Benjamin Franklin in 1755 was agreed upon. The Stamp Act of 1765 & Declaratory Act of 1766 never occur. Timelines diverge.[^OTL-American-Troubles]\
[^OTL-American-Troubles]: OTL: The watershed period from 1763-1767 divided America and Britain. The Proclamation in 1763, the Sugar Act in 1764, Stamp Act of 1765 and its repeal / Declaratory Act of 1766 and the Townshend Acts of 1767 progressively strained and broke relations. As cold hostilities turned to hot war, moderates sought to halt the separation until by the 1777 Battle of Saratoga it became clear no reunification was possible. Read @millerOriginsAmericanRevolution1943.\
<!\'96\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	[Benjamin Franklin Explains the Stamp Act Protests to Parliament](https://amzn.to/2t9haUE) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Franklin#Political_work_in_London\
\pard\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\fs22 \cf0 \'95	\'96>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Toltec weaponry thwarted Pontiac\'92s Rebellion in Summer of 1763, which prevented the Declaratory Act from being enacted. Instead, King George sends a full regiment to ensure the Ohio is retained and negotiations for American home rule started. REMOVE\
In 1765, Parliament invited a delegation from each of the mainland colonies to work out differences that included Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and Thomas Jefferson. This extended negotiation (1765-68) blunted Radical demands for independence. However, a splinter from the Sons of Liberty continued the (now unpopular) fight for American Independence. This splinter movement is a key area of conflict in Discovery Season.\
These negotiations led to legislation that addressed British North America grievances and allowed both sides of the Atlantic to move forward in a tense harmony.\
Research:\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	\uc0\u9744  1768 https://www.britannica.com/event/Treaties-of-Fort-Stanwix\
\'95	\uc0\u9744  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Stanwix\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 #### Rights of Englishmen Act of 1769\
The Rights of Englishmen Act of 1769 extended all customary rights & privileges to native-English speaking white settlers in British North America. This created some frustration with Caribbean Colonials. Many Caribbean colonists remedied this by establishing residence in Charles Town, Carolina. However, this addressed the IRL complaints of colonialists that they were not treated to the rights they would have enjoyed had they remained home.\
This disenfranchised French-Canadian residents as their native language was French. Many raised their children speaking English to extend these rights to them.\
#### British North America Act of 1771\
British North America sought representation in Parliament. The government agreed, providing the colonies restructured. This act transformed the continental colonies to six self-regulated provinces:\
Canada,\
New England (some called Camelot),\
Pennsylvania (includes IRL New York),\
Virginia (includes Maryland & Delaware),\
Carolina,\
& Georgia.\
This act further gave those provincial governments representation in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Charlotina province is added in 1803, encompassing IRL Northwest Territory United States. Parliament calculated this reorganization of the colonies into provinces would create internal tension that would allow England to retain control.\
This created frustration among the joined colonies (NY, Maryland, Delaware, Rhode Island & Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New Hampshire), especially RI&PP as they sought to be more tolerant religiously than Massachusetts. This is an example of Parliament\'92s intentional friction within the provinces.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albany_Congress\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stamp_Act_Congress\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sugar_Act\
\'95	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currency_Act\
\'95	Whaples, Robert (March 1995). \'93Where Is There Consensus Among American Economic Historians? The Results of a Survey on Forty Propositions\'94. The Journal of Economic History. 55 (1): 139\'96154. doi:10.1017/S0022050700040602. JSTOR 2123771.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 #### Rights of Religious Liberty Act of 1772\
British North America sought religious liberty. Parliament sought its debts to be paid and taxation for its recurring budget. Some of this budget paid Anglican ministerial salaries. This act permitted provinces to manage their own religious affairs. This effectively abolishes the Anglican church in British North America except for Virginia and Carolina. Thus liberty was a province matter, instead of individual. The lack of Anglican minsters removes British North America\'92s obligation to pay that portion of the budget. British North America provinces are allowed to establish their own state religions.\
Virginia and Carolina remained Anglican.\
Canada was not allowed to have Catholics in government, but was otherwise Catholic territory.\
New England became officially Congregationalist (Puritan). Though the power of puritanism lapsed a generation before, there is still enough friction between the denominations.\
Pennsylvania extended its religious tolerance through New York, making it a bastion for downtrodden faiths.\
#### War Debt Equity Act of 1772\
In the _quid pro quo_ for the Rights of Religious Liberty Act, British North America provinces agreed to take on half of the Government\'92s debt incurred by the end of the French & Indian War. Whether this meant war debt or total debt was a matter of disagreement that was settled during the Napoleonic Era. The Seven Years\'92 War nearly doubled Great Britain\'92s national debt, so the question of whether British North America provinces accepted a quarter or half of the debt was no small issue. Buried in this act was the liquidation of various debts by prominent members of British North America society. This pushed the Sons of Liberty into the fringe by bribing the elite.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\sa360\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <!\'96\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	Calloway, Colin. _[The Scratch of a Pen: 1763 and the Transformation of North America](https://amzn.to/2Zaw0Uw)_. 2006.\
\'95	Wikipedia. _[American Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Revolution)_. Ref 2019 \'96>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 1764-1840: The Indian Problem\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 At the end of the Seven Year\'92s War, an estimated 4.5 million Indians lived in North America.[@calloway2007scratch] Britain was sensitive to protect its new territorial gains by not antagonizing them. In Summer 1763, Parliament debated constraining its settlers on the Atlantic side of the Appalachian continental divide as a suite of measures to establish greater control over the colonies and improve Indian relations. Discovery of advanced weaponry and their role in thwarting Pontiac\'92s Rebellion tabled the Proclamation of 1763.\
The home rule negotiation led to establishing new colonies in Indian territory. Those colonies were expected to become provinces when full British sovereignty was exerted and Englishmen were comfortable \'93in their hearths and homes.\'94 Americans agreed to fund British Army operations to secure settlers in those areas and accelerate this effort. They also formed local militia that operated under Army authority. Mississippi colony welcomed a higher number of British military veterans, leading to a strong military tradition in that region.\
This is too American. The British would have handled it like they did India. See [@keay1995honourable]\
This agreement did not sit well with the Indians, who continued to harass settlers. The 1768 Stanwix and Hard Labour treaties ceded control from some indians, but not all. War flared up in 1774 and continued through 1782.[^indian-war-1770s] The role of the French led to renewed hostilities between France and England before France was ready. This led to a hot war between the two sides from 1778 to 1783.\
[^indian-war-1770s]: OTL: This is consistent with history apart from the impact on the American Revolution. British supported the indians until news in 1782 of the peace treaty. [@WesternTheaterAmerican2020]\
The Ohio War of the 1780s flared up over increased white settlement, aided by French agents and a splinter group from the Sons of Liberty who thought that Ohio should become an independent nation. The Battle of Fallen Timbers of 1784 broke the back of Indian resistance. This paved the way for English settlement of southern and western Ohio.\
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Confederacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 27 February 1763 : Discovery of Toltec Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 27 February 1763 : Discovery of Toltec Technology\
Ephraim George Biggs discovered what became known as the Toltec Mound.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 1783-1848: Eradication of African Slavery\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.\
> Discuss actual trends in African Slavery in Britain in this era.\
Without the American Revolution, the anti-slavery movement in England starts earlier. Over this 50-year period (1772-1848), slavery was eliminated throughout the British Empire.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	1772 - Somerset\'92s Case holds there is no basis for slavery in English law, and held that laws supporting slavery were against Natural Law. This extends to BNA.\
\'95	1787 - Wilberforce\'92s Anti-Slavery Society struggled against London Society of West India Planters and Merchants who fought against abolition of slavery.\
\'95	1807 - During a break in the French Troubles, England de-legalizes trans-shipment of slaves on the Oceans and between non-connected provinces.\
\'95	1833 - \'93Apprenticeship Act of 1833\'94 ends slavery in all British holdings by stages & \'93apprenticeships.\'94 Chattel is immediately repudiated by Parliament, meaning that African children were born free. Slave owners were mollified by a tax break for each freeborn child. Slave owners were compensated by tax. American high-society slave owners were well-compensated, lower-class owners were not, leading to some animosity. Increased investment in Toltec technology helps blunt the need for slaves during the Apprenticeship Period (1833-1846).\
\'95	1846-48 - Apprenticeships ended in American provinces (Virginia, Carolina, Georgia) to increase representation in Parliament, leading to local civil conflicts in each province by the lower class \'93masters,\'94 which was put down by General Scott.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 - [ ] Need to research Parliament in the 19th Century.\
<!\'96\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Wikipedia. _[Wilberforce](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Wilberforce)_. Ref 2019.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'96>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 1783-1815: French Troubles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs20 \cf0 IRL: At the end of the Seven Years\'92 War, England\'92s strategy in the Treaty of Paris (1763) sought to deter France from start a fifth war. France, however, sought to use the treaty to give them time to rebuild and rearm. French diplomats believed that without France to keep the Americans in check, the colonists might attempt to revolt. The American Revolution was that much-desired revolt.[^paris-treaty-1763]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 [^paris-treaty-1763]: Wikipedia. _Treaty of Paris (1763)_. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Paris_(1763)\
The negotiations between British North America and England and discovery of Toltec Technology blunted the American desire to revolt.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	1783-1815 - French economy collapses due to Seven Year\'92s War debt and speculation and takes the government with it. The French Revolution is a decade early, ends the same but with American participation in Europe.\
\'95	1802-1815 - War between France and most of Europe. Ended by British & American deployment of Toltec weaponry\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 The French economy struggles under reparations required in the Treaty of Paris (1763). The government gets caught up in various schemes to pay the debt that results in a popular uprising in 1783.\
Napoleon is involved as a republican during the early stages of the struggle, and gains power as expected. England takes control of New Orleans when Napoleon moves on Spain, and keeps it. Napoleon sends troops in 1801, triggering the war between England and France & Spain (the latter as a vassal to France).\
This \'93Napoleonic War\'94 is ended by British & American deployment of Toltec weaponry in 1815. Napoleon is executed and a new French king is placed on the throne. This ends the French Troubles.\
The Louisiana Territory is kept by England as compensation for the war, and to further safeguard English interest and control over Toltec artifacts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>
\f1\b\fs32 Geography\
People\
Civilization\
Physics, Science & Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::2>
\f1\b\fs28 ftl-physics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 #### Faster-than-Light Travel Physics via Wormholes\
Faster-than-light travel is possible via wormholes, known as Slipstreams. IRL, wormholes are a scientific conjecture, derived from the same equations that describe black holes. We cannot conceive of how to get to or use a wormhole. In Strand, however, wormholes are a convenient means of travel from one place to another. People traverse wormholes using a Jump drive, with each wormhole connecting between only two locations. Travel time is near instantaneous for the jumping ship and its occupants.\
A Slipknot is the term used by Toltecs and adopted by English (Laufknoten in German, Trou de Biche (tru-de-beesh) in French, Hueco in Spanish, Orif\'edcio in Portuguese).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 Neutrino Energy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 Neutrino energy is a theoretical way of converting the kinetic energy of cosmic into into direct current (DC) electricity.\
The energy is converted by layers a conductive film, silicone film and graphene film. The conductive film comprises silver, gold, copper, gallium or aluminum or one of their alloys, in particular of a silver or gold alloy or an aluminum-gallium alloy. Each film layer is very fine, measured in 100s of nanometers. See Neutrino Power Cube[sec:neutrino-power-cube] for the scientific application.\
IRL Research:\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	The neutrino is the source of abundant, clean, renewable energy.[^nutrino-energy]\
\'95	Neutrinovoltaic - a low voltage system of 12/24/48V DC\
\'95	
\f3\b Neutrino Film
\f2\b0  is \'93a film made of metal or a metal alloy, in particular a film made of aluminum or an aluminum alloy, a so-called neutrino or ntrino film (registered trademarks), to a method of production and to a use of a film made of metal or a metal alloy.\'94 [^WO2016142056A1]\
\'95	
\f3\b Neutrino Power Cubes
\f2\b0  are highly sophisticated power cells that have the advantage of being able to supply energy in complete darkness. They do this by harnessing the kinetic energy created by invisible waves of cosmic radiation, transforming it into micro-vibrations in a complex resonation process facilitated by super-symmetrical coatings on a stable substrate. And because these power cells can be stacked on top of one another, they are more compact and efficient than today\'92s solar cells and far less easily damaged.[^Neutrino-energy]\
\'95	
\f3\b Neutrino Energy Harvesting
\f2\b0  is when energy can be derived from many different sources such as radio waves, vibrations, heat, or light, and these sources can be either natural or artificial. Solar cells convert light; thermoelectric generators convert heat flux (temperature differences); and Neutrino Power Cubes convert vibrations caused by neutrinos and anti-neutrinos into electricity.[^Neutrino-Wiki]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 [^nutrino-energy]: Power & Technology. _Neutrino energy: harnessing the power of cosmic radiation_. https://www.power-technology.com/features/neutrino-energy-harnessing-the-power-of-cosmic-radiation/. Accessed February 11, 2020.\
[^Neutrino-energy]: NEUTRINO, INC. _Neutrino Energy_. https://neutrino-energy.com/. Accessed February 11, 2020.\
[^Neutrino-Wiki]: _Neutrino Wiki: Neutrino Energy, The Coming Energy Revolution._ https://neutrino-wiki.com/. Accessed February 11, 2020.\
[^WO2016142056A1]: US Patent Trademark Office. _Film made of metal or a metal alloy_. https://patents.google.com/patent/WO2016142056A1/en. Accessed February 11, 2020.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 Slower-than-Light Travel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 Slower-than-light travel follows the IRL laws of physics. Access to Toltec technology accelerates research, leading to efficient \'93Edison\'94 drives.\
#### Travel Times\
The table below describes the constraints of space travel. Most space ships are fuel constrained based on their acceleration ability, shown by the Duration. Travel between Earth and the slipsteam is within the limits of those ships. Those with extended durations can travel four times further than regular ships, at the expense of crew comfort. Those ships could safely make it to Uranus and back, but not to the Oort cloud.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	Civilian ships have a maximum acceleration of V-shift 3.\
\'95	Military ships have a maximum acceleration of 2G (V-shift 5.\
\'95	Slipknot (5AU), Moon, Mars (1.5AU), Uranus (19AU), Oort (0.3ly) columns all refer to travel time from Earth to those (average distance) locations. Distances between planets,[^sol-distance] Oort[^oort-distance] and Belt (1AU) [^belt-distance] are estimated for the sake of simplicity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 The table below describes the travel time between Earth and the target, as provided by the Space travel calculator.[^stl-calc]\
[^belt-distance]: Williams, Matt. _How Far is the Asteroid Belt from Earth?_ https://www.universetoday.com/130136/far-asteroid-belt-earth/. Accessed Feb 9, 2020\
[^oort-distance]: Wikipedia. _Oort cloud_ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oort_cloud. Accessed Feb 9, 2020\
[^sol-distance]: The Planets. _Distances Between Planets_ https://theplanets.org/distances-between-planets/. Accessed Feb 9, 2020\
[^stl-calc]: Nathan Geffen. _Space travel calculator_. https://spacetravel.simhub.online/. Accessed Feb 9, 2020.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\fs24 \cf0 Solar System Travel Times with Constant Acceleration\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf0 V\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 G\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1AU\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Knot\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Moon\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mars\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Uranus\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Oort\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0.01\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 28.6d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 64d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 35h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 20.6d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 112d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 42mo\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0.1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 20d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 11h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6.5d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 38.6d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 404d\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0.5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 17.2d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 180d\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.9d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6.4d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.5h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 49.5h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 12.2d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 128d\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.3d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.2d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.8h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 40.4h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 10d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 105d\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.5d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.5h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 35h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 8.6d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 91d\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.6s\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.7d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 28.5h\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7d\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 73d\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The main (or core) population of the asteroid belt is sometimes divided into three zones, which are based on what is known as \'93Kirkwood gaps\'94. Named after Daniel Kirkwood, who announced in 1866 the discovery of gaps in the distance of asteroids, these gaps are similar to what is seen with Saturn\'92s and other gas giants\'92 systems of rings. https://www.notion.so/1f5ce610ebbb44d68c53e3d4c847c22d\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>
\f1\b\fs32 Economy\
Politics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs32 Characters\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f3\b\fs22 Overview
\f2\b0 \
NAME is a (Descriptive Phrase).\
For him, life is a (WORLDVIEW).\
Others say he is best known for (ACCOMPLISHMENT).\
When people first meet him, they notice his (DEFINING CHARACTERISTIC & PERSONALITY), then they notice that (TRAITS THAT ADD OR CONTRADICTS DOMINANT TRAIT)\
Because of (TRAGEDY), he needs to prove that (LIE).\
He fears that (FEAR) and will (FLAW/COMPETING) to prevent it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Physical
\f2\b0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Defining Characteristic\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Eyes\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Hair\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Build\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Style\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Age\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs22 \cf0 Emotional
\f2\b0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Identity\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Fear / External Conflict\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What believes will reoccur\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lie / Internal Conflict\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Believes true due to backstory\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wound\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Emotional repercussions\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Flaw\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bad behavior protecting wound\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Desire / Want / Dream\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Competing Value\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Expression of want counter to series theme\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Personality
\f2\b0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Social Mask\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Humor\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Faith\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Politics\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Upbringing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Education\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Work History\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Interests\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt108 \clpadl0 \clpadr108 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb36\sa36\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Friends\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs22 \cf0 Tragedy / Backstory
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs32 Appendix\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2\fs22 If you liked this story, you might like some of my other books. You can find them through my Amazon or BookBub author page.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \'95	Amazon: https://merovx.io/ben-amazon\
\'95	BookBub: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://merovx.io/ben-bookbub"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://merovx.io/ben-bookbub}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sb180\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Please join my Newsletter (bybenwilson.com), where I announce new releases. You\'92ll have an opportunity to pick up those releases for only 99 cents on the day I announce the release.\
If you have any comments, write to me at ben@merovex.com. I am always happy to hear from people who\'92ve read my work. I try to answer every email I receive.\
If you liked the story, please write a short review for me on Amazon. I greatly appreciate any kind words, even one or two sentences go a long way. The number of reviews a book receives greatly improves how well that book does on Amazon.}