{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FiraCode-Light_Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs22 <!\'97 In AUDIENCE you should clearly define your target audience; not just by age or gender but also by demographic, interests, habits, other media they consume, other activities they engage, what professions they occupy, what beliefs or values they may hold. Audiences are not so simplistic as to be defined simply by how old they are and what sex they are\'85! Consider the psychographics.\
\
Take into consideration the audiences of other shows and aim your project to appeal to the same audience as a similar series, or one in the same style or genre.\
\
If possible specify the network, broadcaster or channels most appropriate. -->\
\
<!-- _Who is the target audience? a narrative description of your target audience. This would be the anonymous "someone" you write to in your novels._ -->\
\
<!-- audience -->\
\
Readers of the **Strand** series are history buffs (especially American history), with varying religious, social and political beliefs; tending towards the left. They tend to be skeptical, educated and pro-science (even when religious).[^psychographics] They are tolerant and willing to consider other viewpoints. They are more likely to be veterans and patriotic. Strand leaders like the _feel_ of history. They like accuracy, but they accept some inaccuracy when it favors a good story.\
\
[^psychographics]: This describes the psychographics of a sample audience who self-identify as Alt-history fans on Wikipedia.\
\
They are fans of mainstream science-fiction & fantasy books, TV and movies. They are gamers, both computer and table-top. They are above-average intelligence. They enjoy reading. Popular TV series of **Strand** readers include:\
    Turn (historical espionage),\
    The Expanse (alien mystery and factious desire to dominate it),\
    and Hell on Wheels (jealous factions collaborating toward a monumental goal, individuals with a dark past they are trying to live down).\
\
<!-- /audience -->\
\
<!-- https://www.goodreads.com/shelf/show/alternate-history-fantasy -->\
\
<!-- Is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Nightenbelle/Userboxes an Editor? Looks like teacher. https://twitter.com/nightenbelle kimberly beasley -->\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}