{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSerifPro-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Friday, September 17, 1762.
\b0  Before dawn, he set off for Falling Springs. It would be a long walk---about ten miles---and a less awkward farewell. He helped himself to some cold chicken, and some shillings paper his brother absentmindely left on the table the night before. His brother did not ask where he was going, so he did not tell him. 
\i All the better.
\i0  Ephraim thought. 
\f1\fs24 <$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0\i\fs26 The fewer who knew the better.
\f1\i0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\tx720\fi720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://784E96EE-8A48-44C2-9B38-D34346E9FB11"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 He}} passed a few travelers on the road. Most were travelers. All were armed. With each mile, Ephraim felt more conspicuous wearing attire more suited for Philadelphia than the wilderness. Not a few of the travelers eyed him with suspicion or derision.\
Not long before noon, he arrived in Falling Springs. As he had heard, there were more buildings than needed for the inhabitants. A good place to start over.\
He made his way straight for the smith. He found it near Conococheague Creek, not far from Chamber\'92s fort. It was odd to him that the log fort in Shippensburg filled him with more dread than Chamber\'92s. Falling Springs oddly mirrored Shippensburg with its wooden houses and stone fort. It was as if Judge Shippen expected his settlement to withstand the test of time, and Chambers did not. Or, it could be because Shippen started earlier. Ephraim thought the war brought a lot into question.\
The smith pumped the bellows as Ephraim entered. The smith\'92s back was to the entrance, and he focused intently on his work. Ephraim set his bag down and watched quietly for a few moments. He remembered working the bellows for his dad when he was a boy. A journey towards being a blacksmith diverted to divinity by fortune. The smith was perhaps a dozen years older than Ephraim, or a bit less than that.\
After a few minutes, the smith turned. He looked less surprised than he was tired. \'93Are you going to just stand there? What do you want?\'94 The Scotch-Irish brogue was intelligible enough.\
Ephraim hesitated at the abruptness. \'93I did not want to distract you from your work.\'94\
\'93You have. What will it be?\'94\
Straight to the point. \'93I\'92m looking for a job. I\'92ve worked in a smithy before. You seem a little short handed.\'94\
The smith shook his head. \'93Maybe a few years ago. It\'92s the damned war. Most the townsfolk have moved back to Philadelphia, or been killed.\'94\
None of this surprised Ephraim. The war lasted nearly half his life. Bradford\'92s 
\f1\fs24 <$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0\i\fs26 Pennsylvania Journal
\f1\i0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0\fs26  reported on the atrocities. It was a fact of life. \'93True. But, it\'92s gotten quieter over the past couple of years. With the Navy beating the French and Spanish in the Indies, it will be over soon.\'94\
\'93Prophet, are ye? It may have quieted between the English and French, but not for us and the Indians.\'94 The smith forgot the bellows. \'93Just the other day, we hear word that Jim Walker just escaped the savages. He made the mistake of straying too far from Fort Loudon when the bastards shot his horse and mounted it saddle on him. Had he not the knife on him, he\'92d have been a goner. Heard that, did ye?\'94\
Ephraim shook his head.\
\'93Aye. They got him back to the Indian settlement when he was left with two of them. He fetches his knife when they were both asleep.\'94 The smith pantomimed cutting tied wrists. \'93Just like that, he\'92s free. One of the bastards woke and they scuffled. He grabs the savage by the hair and plunged the knife into his throat.\'94 The smith enjoyed acting out the fight. \'93He said the other fellow woke when he heard his friend killed, but was so scared that he ran off. Mr. Walker only two weeks ago emerged from the wilderness back to Fort Loudon. So, I don\'92t think the settlers will be back as soon as you think.\'94\
\'93Where\'92s Fort Loudon?\'94\
The smith motions over Ephraim\'92s shoulder. \'93Off that way about a day\'92s ride.\'94\
Ephraim concluded \'93that way\'94 was further to the West. \'93When were they last here?\'94\
\'93A few years. We haven\'92t but one in ten that we had here when the war started. Ben plans to lay out a proper town at some point. Maybe then---\'93\
\'93Then you need help.\'94\
The smith sighed. \'93When there\'92s a town, yes. But that won\'92t be for years.\'94\
\'93I need the work. Not for wages. Just to get on my feet and head down the road.\'94\
\'93To Fort Pitt?\'94\
\'93No, down to Virginia, perhaps.\'94\
\'93Aye, perhaps. What\'92s in Virginia?\'94\
\'93My business.\'94\
\'93You got a name?\'94\
\
Ephraim hesitated. The last thing he wanted was his name to attract attention. \'93Jeffry.\'94\
\'93Jeffry what?\'94\
\'93Boydell.\'94 It came out of his mouth before he could think. Now he had to commit to it. \'93Jeffry Boydell.\'94\
\'93You\'92re a dandy, Mister Boydell. I mean, look at you. Nobody dresses like that out here.\'94\
Ephraim looked down at his suit. It fit Philadelphia fashion with its skin tight breeches buckled at the knee. He had loosened the fitted blue waistcoat during the walk from Shippensburg, but the neckerchief hid that. The gold embroidery and buttons did stand out. The Smith\'92s breeches were similar, albeit black, with a looser fitting brown waistcoat. None of the ruffles, embroidery or non-functional buttons.\
\'93No way you\'92re working in that. You\'92ve not worked a rough day in your life.\'94\
\'93My father was a smith, I\'92ll have you know.\'94 He made a point of changing his accent a bit. He tried to sound rougher. \'93I \'91prentised under him. I can work the bellows. I can do most of the work you would expect if you had a \'91prentise. You\'92re doing work you oughtn\'92t do if you\'92re the master smith. I can\'92t do much about the suit. But, you can\'92t judge a book by its cover.\'94\
\'93Humph.\'94 The smith considered Ephraim for a few moments. \'93Go on. Let me see your hands.\'94\
Ephraim held his hands out.\
The smith grabbed the hand, and turned it palm up and back to palm down. \'93Not a dandy\'92s hands. I\'92ll give you that. Not quite rough, but not dainty. They\'92ve seen some work.\'94\
\'93As I said, I \'91prentised under my father. He wanted something better of me and my brother. Don\'92t let my attire deceive you. I can do just about everything you need.\'94\
\'93Everything, eh? We\'92ll see about that. It would do to have a lighter load. I\'92ll try you on and see if this works out, Mister Boydell. But, if you\'92ve not proved your metal by week\'92s end, away with ya.\'94\
Ephraim noted the bite in the smith\'92s warning. He thought back to the hot, sweaty days as a young boy. It just occurred to him that he may not be in the best shape to swing a hammer. He had to try. \'93There\'92s something more?\'94\
\'93Aye?\'94\
\'93I\'92ll need some place to stay.\'94 He lifted his bag. \'93All that I have is here.\'94\
\'93Och. There it is. Did you think that didn\'92t occur to me, lad? Here I thought you\'92ve lived here in Falling Springs me whole life and I just now laid eyes on you. You\'92re a daft one that.\'94 He motioned toward a ladder at the back of the shop, then pointed up. \'93There\'92s the loft, for services rendered. But, until then, get this fire going again. I\'92m going for a piss.\'94}